Hi everyone! Sorry for the delay in posting this chapter. Life and rewrites conspired against my one-a-week plan. I've gotten a lot of great feedback that's helped me make this act a lot better (I think), so it was worth the wait even if I did leave you with a cliffhanger. 

Enjoy! 

***** 

Anna sat on the bed for a long time after Leonid departed. Most of her felt numb, as if not truly a part of her anymore, no doubt the consequence of her once-again intact body. Her mind seemed to be closing it out as well, actively pushing away parts of her that she found she could not reconcile herself with, as if she could shed her own skin like clothing she disliked. She stared at the far wall without seeing it. How long she remained this way, trying to deaden her tether to a reality she couldn't quite accept, she wasn't sure. 

The silence in the room was so complete that when footsteps sounded outside the chamber it was enough to pull her from her daze. Her heart beat faster and she wracked her panicked mind as muffled voices came from beyond the door. A timid knock came. 

"Your highness? Your dinner as requested," the servant's soft voice called out. 

For a moment Anna stared, open mouthed and confounded by her circumstance before reason returned to her. 

"Leave it!" she called out, placing her magic into the words so those who heard them would perceive only the king's voice. 

The shuffling footsteps hurried away and Anna waited breathlessly before moving towards the door. She pressed her ear to it, trying to slow the beating of her heart so she could hear if someone was waiting there. It only occurred to her to use her sight when she found herself incapable of closing out the frantic rhythm. "Idiot," she muttered to herself. She reached out with her magic and found the servants had gone leaving only guards at the external doors to the king's suite, two rooms beyond where she was crouching. She slid the door open and snatched the tray into the room with too much speed, sloshing some of the liquid offerings out of their bowls. 

She crouched over the food, the first she had seen in days, and ate ravenously. She barely tasted it; each frantic bite warmed her from the inside, making her feel just a bit more human. She slowed as her stomach began to ache, wiping her messy fingers across the rug. 

Clothes were the next step. She discovered that the king's clothing was kept somewhere else and she was left with only an assortment of night robes and shirts. She pulled on a silky black sleeping shirt, long enough that it brushed her thighs. It fluttered out around her slight form so she adopted a tie from one of the robes, winding it around her waist three times before using up the extra slack. The loose sleeves were ripped off at the shoulder. Billowing trousers with golden embroidery matched the shirt and she used the ties at the ankles to secure the legs, tucking the large waist underneath the shirt and the makeshift belt to hold it in place. There was no hope for shoes and she reconciled herself to walking barefoot across the grounds. 

Her urgency was returning as she pulled herself together. There were pressing matters to be handled, and sitting about in a cloud of despair was serving no one, least of all herself. Once dressed to her satisfaction Anna paused to gather her thoughts. No one must know the king was gone, but she could not remain in this chamber for three days, not when Orlith was coming back for her, and not when Evo was still in his workroom with the others. 

Anna considered her options and began to saturate the room with her magic, controlling the sounds and sights that anyone nearby or entering might hear or see. She found the magic slid through her so easily, twisting to her will with practically no resistance. Having watched Serena so closely during her time with Evo, Anna found she could formulate the magic into what she wanted using some of the techniques she'd seen used. It felt good to be in control again. When it was completed to her satisfaction she drew the illusion of a body in the bed, filling the room with the sound of masculine snores. 

She turned to the doors and stopped again. She needed to be quiet about this, to remove both Evo and Orlith without raising an alarm. She would not be able to contain full out panic with a mirage king. She would fool no one for too long into a conversation, not to mention what might happen if someone tried to touch something that wasn't there. She needed help. She needed Serena. 

She reached out with her sight, finding it unimpeded from within the confines of Evo's barrier over the palace. She found Evo in the North tower several buildings over. Serena and a few others were with him in his workshop. The others she discovered in cells at the base of the tower, their collars winked magically at her through her spell. She turned to look for Orlith, her search more tentative. She felt him in the prison block far beneath her feet. Her magic barely brushed his form before she pulled back, unwilling to feel his presence more fully. 

Anna steadied herself. The promise of progress after so many days of barely surviving was exhilarating, enough so that it allowed her to dismiss the darkness that still clung stubbornly to her insides. She raised her hands to her lips. Leonid had been here, despite all he'd said before about abandoning her to her fate. His kiss had restored more than just her body and magic, but it gave her another point of focus, something that spanned to the other side of this affair in the capital. He was coming back for her. She could almost smile. 

She slipped out of the room, the late hour meant she barely passed anyone in the halls. She emerged on the ramparts above the inner retaining wall, the cool autumn night coming through the thin fabric of her clothes, hard stones pressing into her bare toes. She began to make her way past the sentries in the dark. As she came to an abandoned stretch of walk, the inner one being less patrolled then the outer defensive parapet, she came to a stop. Something in the air felt wrong, like a sound that she couldn't quite hear. 

In front of her on the wall a woman appeared, a goddess dressed in red silk, corkscrew curls tumbling down around her perfect face, which was twisted in anger. Anna halted, her eyes wide. 

"Where is he?" the goddess boomed, her voice laced with deep, echoing undertones that seem to amplify in the dark. 

For a moment Anna was too stunned to say anything. The goddess held out her hand, red claw-like nails extended towards her as coppery magic flowed from the tips like the curled smoke of a pipe. The sight of her nails brought Anna back. She'd met this deity before. 

The spell reached out towards Anna, grasping her skin and jerking her towards the angry goddess. When the woman clasped Anna's chin in her palm, her nails digging into her cheeks she spoke again, venom in her expression. "I won't ask you again human, where is your king?" 

Anna didn't speak, her eyes still wide with fear. There was no answer that she could offer. Leonid warned her that Imonesh was dangerous, especially if she learned anything about Leonid and Anna's arrangement. The goddess narrowed her golden eyes at Anna's silence. "What are you hiding?" a sharp nail ran down the exposed skin at Anna's neck, slicing the skin ever so slightly. She struggled and tried to move away from the goddess's grip with no success. "Should I open you up and see what secrets you have inside?" The nail dug deeper. 

"That's enough, Imonesh," another voice rang out behind Anna and she was dumped on the ground so that her back was to the intruder. She turned to see another goddess whose eyes and lips were as blue as the sapphires at her shoulders. "You've been summoned." 

Imonesh's eyes narrowed. "Emera, what a surprise. It must have been an age since you've walked these grounds. Come to reminisce?" 

The other goddess looked pleased. "If you keep them waiting it will go worse for you." 

"Then I'll take this little creature with me, so she can answer to the disappearance of my charge." Coppery magic flowed towards Anna once more. She scuttled backwards on her hands towards the goddess at her back. 

Bolts of blue lightening came from behind her, stopping Imonesh's power from reaching her. "Your charge is with The Five now, answering for crimes against another god's property." The blue goddess's voice grew harsh as she stepped forward, dragging Anna to her feet and shoving her back. "And he has an interesting story to tell about a certain magical weapon in development." 

Anna could no longer see Imonesh's face but she could feel the fury in the air around them. With a short, frustrated scream, Imonesh disappeared from the wall, taking the crackling energy with her. 

The other goddess turned back towards Anna, her blue eyes familiar as she appraised the girl before her. Anna realized she bore a strange resemblance to Leonid, almost as though they were parts of a set. A small smile touched her sapphire lips. "You've done very well, Anna." 

"Who are you?" Anna asked, confused and a more than a bit frightened. 

"My name is Emera, I was once very close with your great-great-great grandmother." Her voice was soft, the godly undertones were muted. 

"What is going on?" Anna asked dumbly, her mind still catching up with the events taking place around her. 

Emera sighed, "It is a long and complex tale, one that Leonid should no doubt tell you." At the sound of his name Anna's heart lurched. Emera looked at her knowingly. "I'm afraid that the worst of what's befallen you has been a consequence of the debt that Leonid owes me, one that I collected on a few months ago." 

A bird flitted down from behind Anna, causing her to jump a little. The tiny thing landed on Emera's shoulder and ruffled its feathers, the motion striking Anna as somehow familiar. She stared at the bird for a moment until the goddess stepped closer, claiming Anna's attention again. "Someday soon all will be explained, but now you must go and free your people, free yourself from the men that have twisted your home into a dark and evil place." 

Anna narrowed her eyes and stepped back, getting the distinct impression the goddess was trying to manipulate her. "I will do what I set out to do, to seek justice. That is all." This was not her home; these were not her people. 

Blue lips stretched into a smile. "I'm beginning to see why Leonid has been so well diverted these past few months." Emera stepped up to Anna. A hand laced in shimmering blue veins met her cheek, the scratches Imonesh had left disappeared. "Be safe, little one, much depends on it, not least of all my brother." With that she leaned down and pressed her lips to Anna's and was gone, the little bird with her. 

For a moment Anna stood stunned. What was going on? The night seemed strange and vacant, as if the goddesses had taken the air with them when they left. She shook her head, both in denial of the strangeness and to clear her head. Leonid, again his name made her chest ache. Imonesh's talons brought back the moment in the woods so clearly. She had been so terrified, and he had simply held her still. Anna raised her hand to her chest, as if to rub out the strange empty feeling there. He had come for her, he had stopped the king when the agreement was trespassed against. He was coming back for her. She looked up, seeking out the stars as the clouds parted and converged in the autumn sky. He was all she had, and she had to trust he would come back. 

The thought helped steel her resolve and she started out again, shaking off the discomfort of the momentary stillness. The goddesses' visit had disturbed her but she had to focus on what she could accomplish here. Her mind felt slow as she turned over the brief interaction with the goddesses. Her purpose a week ago had been so straightforward and now here she was in the middle of a mess of gods and monarchs with a sorcerer bending the laws of magic to his will. The thought of Evo and the others pushed her forward. She could hope that Imonesh was far from her and that Leonid would explain it all eventually. 

The rest of her passage was uneventful. Between the hour growing late and her ability to hide herself from all who passed, Anna found herself moving through the dark laundry rooms, the smithies and stables and finally to the base of Evo's tower, with no one else the wiser. She reached out with her sight, feeling for all the sparks of life she could see in the building with her. Just below her were several collared people. There were no guards beyond those who passed sporadically along the parapet and on their way back to the barracks on the far side of the tower. Two on patrol walked by the window of the hallway she stood in. Their voices were untroubled and they continued on. 

Anna checked that Evo was still upstairs with the others before she moved to the descending stairwell. There were no torches, so Anna used her sight, not wanting anyone to notice a suspicious light. The round underground chamber was dark when she reached it, as were the cells that faced the center of the room. She could see the others sleeping there, huddled on small cots in the cold. One slept more heavily than the others. She approached his cell. 

"Marek," she called out softly. Her voice sounded strange in the quiet. There was a stirring in a nearby cell but nothing from the healer. "Marek," she tried again. 

"You won't wake him like that," came a whisper from the adjacent cell. Anna saw a portly dark woman squinting through the darkness in her direction. "He's been healing non-stop the last few days. He's out for a good long while." 

Anna turned to the woman, hearing others stirring around them. "Are you all trapped here by his command?" the woman looked a bit surprised by the question. "I mean, can you move if I open these doors?" 

"Yes!" someone hissed in a whisper behind her, Anna turned to see a younger woman, pale and thin in her rags. The others were awake, all of them pressed against the bars of their cells, peering through the total darkness as if they would be able to see her purely by will. "He orders us to return to our cells and close ourselves in. Once that is complete we are free of the command until he summons us." 

"And what of his control? Has he completed the weapon yet?" Anna whispered, wondering whether it was not better to leave them in their cells while she dealt with Evo. The thought twisted in her gut. She could not leave them here now that she had the power to free them. 

"Most likely he has not," an older man said from the far side of the room. "He has told the king he needs weeks more to prepare." 

Anna didn't love the idea of something so crucial being only 'most likely,' but she had precious little to work with and she might need their help eventually. She was fairly sure she could keep Evo from commanding them through the spells of their collars but his unknown plan for them still troubled her. 

"Anna?" Marek's sleep-sodden voice came from before her. 

"Marek," she said again, relieved for the familiar sound of his voice. "I can get you out but I can't take the collars off. We need to get to Serena, she's the only one who can do it. I think if I get to Evo I can stop his commands." 

"How are you walking, child?" the healer approached her, his hands covering hers where they were wrapped around the bars. "I did not think I would see you again..." he trailed off. 

Anna took a breath. The pain of losing Dev was still sharp and untended; she feared the emotions welling up more than she could admit. But there was no time for that now. "I can stop Evo," she was addressing all of them, "but we cannot leave yet. I must ask you all to promise me that you will wait at least three days from now. No one can know that anything has changed." 

She turned her eyes to the others, many of whom were already promising her they would be patient. She had to trust them, there was no way she could leave them like this even for one more day, but she meant to heed Leonid now as she hadn't before. She checked once more that the sorcerer upstairs was unaware and she opened the doors. 

"Balance bless you, child," the stout woman breathed as she stepped out of her cell. The others also murmured their appreciation. Marek found her shoulders and clasped her tightly to him. Anna found she was uncomfortable with the contact and pulled away before too long. 

"We will go upstairs together. When we enter the workroom, I will make sure he cannot order you against me," she whispered to them as she moved towards the stairs. There was an older man who looked at her with questions in his eyes, no doubt unsure, but he stayed quiet. She let a slight glow flare across her palm so that they might follow her and she started her ascent. 

The door to the workroom was ajar as she approached and she heard Evo's muttering inside. Something crashed and she jumped as he cursed. Her heart was racing in her chest and she felt her fingers tingle with anticipation. For a moment she hesitated, not wanting to face the room again, but his violent words drove her onwards. 

She pushed the door open and strode in, fixing her eyes on the tall man hunched over an open tome. He didn't look up immediately as he was still cursing into the pages. 

"I have no more time for anyone," he snapped, straightening and turning towards her. "I've already—" the words died on his lips as he saw her standing there, full to the brim with power, his other collared prisoners behind her. 

For a moment he just stared at her, and then she felt him reach out to the spells in the collars, bringing them to life around her. 

"I don't think so," she said as she moved her own magic into the metal, displacing his influence. She chased his commands around the spell, her magic all-consuming in its pursuit. He backed away from her, from the others as they stood around her. Serena was still on the far side of the fire pit with him, her eyes were wide as she looked from her redemption to her captor. 

"You cannot remove the collars!" Evo shrieked at Anna. "It is attached to their life force. You will never be able to free them." 

Her eyes glittered menacingly. "I will find a way." She raised her hand as Evo threw a burning rune at her. It dissipated in the air before her. He shouted a spell, which barely manifested itself on her limbs before it too disappeared. Without the others he was just a lesser sorcerer with limited fighting power. She advanced on him, grim satisfaction painting her face as he cowered in fear. 

But then Evo raised his hands, chanting words Anna could not understand and Anna felt the collars come to life around her. She attempted the same move, to displace his magic, but instead she found there was no command to remove. Each collar had, for lack of a better description, opened up the power of its wearer, and then linked that power with the others to create a great web of spinning magic around her. She looked to Serena and saw in her face real fear. 

Evo grinned at her as he raised his hands further, the power from the others pooling in his palms. "You should not have come back for them, little idiot." Anna reached out into the spell around her, trying to find some way to break it, and finding it was all too powerful. And what was more, Evo had not lied, the power he had tapped into was flowing through them but it was also of them. She had only felt that energy once before when she had made her deal with Leonid; it was their souls. 

She turned back to Evo, and before she could think to mount an attack, he threw the built up energy straight at her. The black fire inside her came around her, blocking the spell but only just. The power continued coming at her from all sides, a barrage she could barely withstand. Her shield shuddered under the immense pressure. Anna fell to one knee, straining against the energy that threatened to burn her to ashes. The heat prickled her skin, the rush of power around her closed in. 
Evo laughed, somewhere beyond the blinding wall of magic that assaulted her. Anna gritted her teeth. Not again. She reached inside herself, grasping at the black fire there, if she could not stop the energy at the source, she would stop its handler. She shifted the form of the shield, bringing it to a point before her so that the magic flowed around her like water from the bow of a ship. She aimed the point at the laughter and threw herself into a run, charging through the power even as it beat back at her. She smashed into Evo when she reached him, sending his body back into the wall behind him. 

The man's head hit the wall with enough force to disorient him, breaking the focus of his spell. The onslaught of power abated but the collars were still alight with the energies of those who wore them. She had to break his connection to them somehow. She rushed at the thin man who was struggling to stand. She grabbed him around his throat, cutting off his air and delaying him as her power flared out, looking for a way around his control of the collars. There had to be something that tied them to him so profoundly. She felt the magic surge once more, coming for her as Evo clawed at her hands, desperate to get her off him. And there it was, right beneath her fingertips. As the powers around her pummeled the shield she had formed at her back, she found that Evo's glittering necklace was rendered of finely woven runes made of pure energy. 

Anna called out as the magic pushed at her own defenses, burning her as it pushed her shield ever closer to her skin. Evo glared at her, his own energy coming to pull her hands back as he siphoned off power from the others. She felt a shudder against her magic and realized he was draining the others, pulling more power from them than they could survive. She could not beat him with strength alone this time. She had to be smarter than him, use his weaknesses against him. 

Whatever it was it would have to be fast, already he was rising up, overpowering her, the gleam of victory in his twisted expression. She screamed into his face, rage at him, at Orlith and the king, the sick men who dared enslave and abuse others. It burned inside her; she would not fail again. Evo watched her face, satisfaction painted on his as he overcame her strength. He was so intent on her that he didn't feel her power thread itself into the spell at his neck, forcing its way in and around the tightly organized runes. He grasped her wrists and pried her grip from him. He rose as the swirling energies ebbed their assault, instead flowing into him, making him ever stronger. 

She looked up as he grinned cruelly down at her. "Did you really think you had more power than I do?" he said and with that he threw her across the room with the force of all seven of their energies. He put so much of the combined magic into this push that it was able to pull her thread tight, strung as it was between any tiny space she had been able to find in those frenzied seconds. The blow sent her body across the room, and with it the end of her magic. The runes at his neck were pulled apart, sliced and unraveled by the force of her magic against his. 

Anna smashed into the far wall of the room. The impact was immense and she fell, stunned to the ground. The air in the room changed, the crackling feeling of magic faded but left a void in its place. "No!" came a strangled cry from across the room. "No! No! No!" she could hear the panic in his voice and it stirred her onwards. She compelled herself to stand and looked up at the desperate sorcerer. She saw him pulling at the threads of their collars, but he had no access to their power directly anymore. The others looked ragged after the pull on their powers. But they were still bound to his commands, the collars intact despite the destruction of the weapon. 

She laughed, it was a small one, given the pounding in her head, but still triumphant. Evo turned his furious eyes to her. She felt him try to direct them through the collars again, still seeking a way to fight her off. She laughed again, shaking her head as she sent her magic in after his orders, chasing them out of the metal. Fear began to replace anger in his face and she decided she liked it better. 

"It's over Evo. Whatever weapon you built your king is gone. There will be no more slaves, no more collars." The man backed away from her, growing smaller with his fear. Anna advanced on him, intent on silencing the control he so desperately sought. 

She was about to say something further when her bare foot met a sticky spot on the floor. She looked down before she could stop herself. The floor had been hastily cleaned but the stones were still washed with blood that clung stubbornly to the rougher surfaces. The coppery smell stung her nose even as she darted back, the feeling of it clinging to her sole. 

Evo used her distraction to throw himself towards the door, knocking over chairs and sending the contents on his tabletops scattering and crashing to the floor in his haste. Marek, pale and worn looking but still defiant, stepped forward and barred his path, a few others behind him. 

"Out of my way!" he snapped, the words seeking purchase in his spell. Anna snapped her head up and crushed the command with her fury. The round dark woman stepped forward and slapped him with all of her might. Evo stumbled back from them. 

Anna sent her power out to him, indelicately enough that it smashed into his body before wrapping itself around him and hauling him back to the center of the room. She practically threw him at the small platform she had been so well acquainted with on the far side of the room. The chains sprang to life and welcomed his limbs into their iron hold. 

She stalked over to him, watching him snivel in fear. "I'll give you whatever you want, I'll speak to the king, I'll help you take over, anything you desire." He rattled on in desperation, "you could be queen, and I will help you, I'll do whatever you need to secure the throne." She cut him off, gagging him so she would not have to hear his voice again. 

"You have nothing to offer me, or anyone else for that matter," Anna turned her back to him and looked at the others in the room. There were seven all told, their collars ringing in her mind as she continued manipulating the spells inside them, keeping Evo's commands from them. 

Serena came over to her, her cheeks wet with tears. "Anna," she said in her soft, purring accent. She stepped forward and took her hand, "I knew it would be you. I knew it." 

Anna shook her head a little. "It has to be you Serena," she said with a small smile. "You have to break the spells in these collars. I will lend you my power but you must guide it." A smile spread across Serena's beautiful face, pushing her tears aside. The older woman laughed in relief. Anna smiled but she could not mirror the emotion. 

Serena went over to the others, hugging each of them in turn. Anna watched as the group came together around the woman. She was their center, their rock, and they had formed this bond together from their misery. She had done that for them, made them feel a connection in their imprisonment. And now they could come together in their freedom, the hope they had inspired in each other finally coming to fruition. 

Anna's eyes fell back on the stained floor. 

The room quickly filled with excited chatter of the newly liberated. Serena pulled the boy over and they set up three chairs. Anna settled herself into one as they took the other two and they joined hands. Serena beamed at them before she took a deep breath, closed her eyes and began to undo the spell. 

Anna watched fascinated at how Serena worked. Her magic was so organized, so controlled. Anna had emulated her when she'd destroyed Evo's spell but she was a novice in comparison. If Evo's spell had been tied to his soul as their collars were, he would have been pulled apart with it. Serena took small bits of Anna's power and fitted them into tiny spaces in the spell, linking them together before dragging them out, and layer after layer of magic fell away as if it had never been there. By working from the outside in she spared the links to their cores until the spell was at its weakest and with the barest push it unwound from them, truly freeing them at last. There was no force, no unsustainable expenditure of power to pry the collar apart, just a methodical dismantling of the spell. 

When she finished, Serena released Anna's hand and looked at the boy. "It's done, Innis. There is nothing left in the metal." The boy began to cry, pulling on the inert thing, clawing at the remnant of his pain. Anna reached up her hand and grasped the collar, feeling it shudder and crumble beneath her grip until it flowed away like dust. The boy turned to her, the same looks of gratitude as he'd given Serena. 

"Thank you," he said to her, hiccupping through his sobs. He flung his arms around Serena, still crying. 

Serena patted his back, motioning to the pale girl who hovered nearby to take his place. "It's alright, Innis, it's over. Now be brave, I must see to the others." 

It took hours of painstaking work to undo the spells in the collars. Anna watched each one, carefully taking in Serena's technique, learning the intricacies of the spells. The first rays of light were breaching the sky when it was finally Serena's turn. Despite the enormous drain on their energy, the others were waiting for her, too excited and relieved to sleep for long during their first night free. 

She smiled at Anna before she took both her hands. She was tired, the work was taking its toll on her, she squeezed Anna's hands in gratitude before she began to disassemble the original collar that hung around her neck. Anna noticed quickly that Serena was not pulling this spell apart as she had the others. It was as if she were taking it apart at the seams instead of truly unraveling it, so that it could be closed up again. Understanding her aim, Anna only cracked the metal, allowing the collar to slip off the woman's neck when the spell was finally inactive. 

Serena rose and placed the broken thing around Evo, ignoring his furious eyes as he screamed through his gag. The others were still and quiet as they watched the two women work, Anna sealing the metal, Serena weaving the spell back into place. When it was done, Serena held the other end of the spell lightly, the portion that imbued the carrier with control of the subject. 

Anna looked up at her, "why do you not bind him?" 

Serena's gaze didn't leave the imprisoned sorcerer before them. "I cannot stand to bind him to me. We will give you three days as you asked, but I will not carry this burden," she motioned to the shackled man, "for much longer." 

Anna looked up at Serena, a question in her face, one she could not ask and one Serena would not answer. They moved away, leaving Evo there and joining the others who looked at them expectantly. 

"The king is gone," Anna spoke in soft tones, "I cannot say more than that. In three days' time General Rafia and his troops are due to take over the city. The war in the East will end once they learn of the king's fate and Rafia's coup. All I ask is that you help me maintain order here until the troops come. After that I will help you get to wherever you need to be. If anyone gets wind of what has happened before the General's arrival, they will surely try a takeover of their own." 

Marek looked at her sharply, "How can we know we can trust this Rafia?" 

Anna shook her head, "I cannot assure you from personal knowledge." 

"Then how can you stay here? Under whose influence have you chosen this course of action?" The older man Anna had just met this night, Wreg, spoke up. He was the eldest of the group, perhaps fifty or more, his once black hair streaked with grey and his light skin lined with wrinkles. They were all eager to be free of this tower. She couldn't help but sympathize. 

"Someone I trust." She spoke the words before she understood the truth behind them. It comforted her to say it aloud and to confirm it within. "I do not want to get you mixed up in these politics if you don't have to." She turned to Serena. "Does everyone need to remain in order to keep suspicion from anyone who might come to call on Evo?" Anna knew implicitly that Wreg and the others would accept Serena's judgment. 

The woman shook her tumbling curls. "Usually we are visited only by the king and with him his advisors. Evo's work is not common knowledge to most. A few government officials who know of Evo also visit on occasion..." She trailed off as Anna suddenly snapped her head up, her eyes focused on a point beyond the walls of the tower. 

Someone was in the king's suite; she could feel them just beyond the door. Servants moved about, preparing for the day to begin. One came close to the door, tentatively listening to the sleeping chamber beyond. Thinking quickly to deter them from entering, Anna withdrew the sounds of snoring and replaced them with amorous groans and the smacking of flesh. The servant on the other side of the door jerked away and hurried from the dressing chamber, closing the door behind him. That would have to do for now, but she was unclear how she was going to keep this up for three days. She was sure the king would not simply disappear for that length of time. 

"I need help," she confessed as she focused on the others again. "I do not know how to control the king's servants or the court. Can you help me?" 

Serena nodded, "Of course," she started. "I can weave illusions with Innis's help. We can create an effigy of the king. Wreg was a clerk in the Chancery here, familiar with the court, and can help us." Serena looked at the old man with a smile. "Wreg, how would you like to wear the face of the king?" 

The older man sighed but chuckled as well, "I suppose it's better than my most recent adornment." The others laughed as well, a sound that seemed to surprise even them. Anna smiled. 

"I will stay," Marek said. "I can dress as a servant and move around the grounds to see if anything is amiss. Ian can join me," he gestured to the man at his right, a tall awkward fellow around Anna's own age. She recognized him as the other one who had been present when Dev was killed. The thought was like a blade running through her chest. She pushed it down and forced herself to listen to Marek. "We could both use a bit of time to stretch our legs," Marek was saying with a smile. 

"I can help with that," Alona, the small round woman beamed up at him, Anna had discovered she was bubbling with energy, her access to magic far outstripping the others. "My talents lie with sights and sounds, I will cast a net wide and let you know if I hear anything." 

Anna nodded in thanks to them. 

Serena toyed with the connection to Evo. Anna was still in tune with the woman's magic and could feel her dangle it as if it were a dirty rag in her fingertips. "I will stay here and make sure Evo performs for anyone who comes. Rosli, will you stay with Innis and me? I could use help to begin undoing some of these projects." 

The pale girl looked at Serena with wide, excited eyes, the objects closest to her began to rattle where they sat before she gathered herself. "It would be my pleasure." 

"But when this is over, Serena," Wreg said, "we all want this chapter closed for good." Serena nodded, silently accepting the task and the responsibility to see it done. Anna didn't envy her but she admired how easily she took the onus on her own shoulders. 

"Thank you all," Anna said, feeling some of her burden lift. With the others to help her it seemed that she would be able to make it these three days until...what? She didn't know really. But Leonid had promised and she must hold onto that. The group began to break up and Serena caught her arm, pulling her aside. 

"Anna," she started, "forgive me for saying so but you must protect yourself. I do not know General Rafia, but if what you say is true and the king is gone, then whoever aims to take over the throne will undoubtedly want to use you to gain legitimacy." 

Anna nodded, "I know, but I have put my faith in this course of action. I promised to stay until Rafia arrives, and then we can all be gone, back to where we came from." Her voice caught in her throat. She would not be going back anywhere. 

Serena laid her hands on Anna's shoulders. "Most of us do not have homes to return to either, but you have given us our freedom and we are forever indebted to you." Anna was going to smile back when a presence tickled the back of her mind. 

Once more Anna's eyes focused on some far point, her heart beat faster in fear. Orlith was in the king's solar. She watched him pace, the servant explaining the king was indisposed. There was an impatience in his stride. Just feeling him through her sight chilled her to the bone. He was still hunting her, and she could not evade him forever. 

"Orlith," she whispered without intending to, her face draining of blood. Serena looked at her sharply. 

"Where is he?" she asked. 

"Outside the king's chambers," Anna breathed, her mind still fixed on the threat. "The king promised Orlith he could have me when he was done." Her voice sounded hollow. "He's growing tired of waiting." 

"I told him you did not have a day to live," Marek said, drawing closer to the pair. "He is no doubt worried about running out of time." 

Anna looked at the man whose face was full of sadness. He knew what she had suffered better than most. "Why did you tell him that?" she asked quietly, looking down, away from the intensity of his regret. 

"It was true," Marek continued, his voice soft but trembling, "I felt your body drained of all your power, I watched as your heart marched inextricably towards death. You should not be alive, Anna. Whatever power saved you is not one I can comprehend." 

Her sadness mirrored his, "I wanted you to leave me, to let me die, every time you came to heal me." 

"I know," Marek said, his voice thick with remorse. "I'm sorry to have participated in your torture." Anna moved towards him, she did not want his apology; she didn't want him to feel sorry. 

She took his hand in hers, "I was wrong." He raised his eyes to hers. "None of us would be standing here if you hadn't." 

"It doesn't change..." he trailed off as Orlith stole her attention again. 

She focused her gaze beyond the room even as she squeezed Marek's hand, her face tight with fear. The northerner moved past the servant, into the dressing room and stopped just beyond the doors to the empty bedchamber. It made her sick, but she increased the sounds of sex from the room, adding in her own voice to assure the monster that she was still alive and responsive. Orlith waited another few moments, listening to the violent coupling, before turning and exiting the room. 

She let out a breath she hadn't meant to hold. "I will have to deal with him now," she said to no one in particular. 

"Can we help?" Serena asked. 

Anna shook her head. "He is too dangerous. I have to do it." She followed him with her sight back to the dungeon he had been in the night before. It seemed isolated, deep in the castle, far from all the other prisoners and guards. A place they took someone who would never get out. She shivered. 

She brought her attention back to the room and her eyes fell again on the stained floor. A deep, burning anger settled inside her fear of the man. He had tortured her and broken her down but he had killed Dev, and for that he would have to pay. 

"Where is his body?" she asked, her voice low and dangerous. 

Serena answered, "The soldiers took it, no doubt to the graves for convicts." 

Anna nodded, still staring at the stain. If she was going to face Orlith she needed her rage to overshadow her fear. This was about vengeance and justice for her friend, and no time for the weakness Orlith had uncovered in her as he chipped away at her very being. The air crackled around her; she felt buoyed by the power fueled by rage, unconcerned at her lack of rest or that her body may be healed, but she was in no way recovered from her torture. Orlith would pay for Dev, then she would sleep. 
She turned her eyes towards Serena who looked concerned but unafraid at the show of power. "Afterwards I would like to speak further," Serena said softly. "Evo's chambers are in the noble's wing of the palace, in the western edge of the main castle. Will you meet me there?" 

Anna nodded without speaking. She was focused, her entire attention diverted to that flicker of energy pacing the underground prison. Her mind cleared of everything except for her intention before Serena put her hand on her arm. "Do you promise to meet me in two hours' time?" 

Anna flicked her eyes up, annoyed at being deterred a moment longer. But she knew the woman was giving her something that extended to 'afterwards,' something to anchor her during the coming confrontation. 

"One hour," Anna said and she disappeared out the door of the workroom. 

In order to reach the cell where Orlith was, Anna had to pass through the prison block, descending level after level of caged men, all sitting in various degrees of filth and cold. The prison guards were methodical and organized and more than once she'd had to duck out of the way so she would not brush up against a passing patrol. She started to hear the screams on the third level, but they were far off and muted. 

On the fourth she encountered a long narrow hallway, lined with heavy wooden doors. The few souls unlucky enough to find themselves here were cowering in their small stone cells, no light but the flicker of torches that managed to come through the space below their doors. At the end of the hall the screaming filtered through a heavy door. Anna made sure there was no one near enough to hear her and she shoved her magic into the lock, forcing the door open at the same time. 

To her right was a hidden stairwell that would take her to Orlith but on the left was an open space where a massive jailor was systematically torturing a man who was chained to a great wooden table in the center of the room. Another man, well dressed and official looking, sat at a desk, writing implements in hand, no doubt waiting for the man on the table to start speaking. 

Anna froze at the sight before her. The prisoner screamed as the huge man brought bright red metal against the skin of his belly. It held her still in shock, her recent experience rippling through her. The smell of burning flesh filled the space. The jailor kept at it too long though, and the prisoner on the table fainted before the injurious metal was retracted. A chill ran down her back. 

"Slow down," the officer sitting at the desk snapped at the larger man. "He's not one of your chambermaids. We need him to survive long enough to extract information." 

The great hulk of man threw the iron bar back into the embers where it reddened in the heat. He picked up a hammer and gestured at the bound man's hands. 

"Can't you do something that won't give him festering wounds? If he doesn't talk today then he's liable to get a fever overnight and then we won't have anything to work with." The smaller officer stood, his fine robes and words seemed rather out of place in this room. 

Behind her she could hear someone approaching. Quickly she stepped off the landing down a few steps of the stairs, her spell wrapped around her to keep her from view. A man she recognized from the king's entourage entered, two guards flanking him. 

"Lord High Steward," the man said as he followed the short stairway on the left down towards the open chamber, "I wasn't aware you had returned with a possible spy. You put the rest of us to shame with your dedication. It is barely seven in the morning." Anna peeked around the wall that hid her stairwell from view. 

The Steward bowed in greeting to the man, who was no doubt nobility. The two of them looked at one another with barely concealed disdain. "Indeed, Your Grace, the matter is pressing, though it seems we have been overzealous in our application of pain," he said pointedly at the large man who was organizing various horrible looking tools on a table next to the bound prisoner. 

"No matter, he will be awake and talking in no time. If you will accompany me now to give a full report you can be back before he's come around." The Duke ushered the Lord High Steward up the stairs though the man seemed reticent to leave the spy in the hands of the torturer. 

"Do not touch him until I return," he called out as he was leaving. 

The large man grunted and went to gather up some more instruments to add to the table he was preparing. 

The two men and the guards started up the stairs towards daylight. 

"Is the king aware that I've returned?" the Lord High Steward was saying as he passed Anna's crouched form. 

"He hasn't been informed yet," the duke replied. "He's been dealing with another incident..." The man's voice filtered out as they moved away, one of the guards closing the heavy door behind them. Anna turned back to the scene before her, considering the large man. 

* 

Orlith's back was to her when she rounded the final corner of the winding hallway. This cell was indeed buried deep, and nearly impossible to find. Anna watched as the torchlight danced over his tightly knotted hair. The flames skipped over various implements of torture hanging from the walls. She chose not to peruse the selection. Between her and him was a wooden table, restraints at its corners. More chains hung from the ceiling. Now that the moment to confront him was here, she found herself hesitating. Every instinct inside her was screaming at her to run while he wasn't looking at her, that all would be lost if he turned and saw her. 

She had to stay focused on Dev and what Orlith had done to him, keep her mind off all that had passed between them in that attic room. She lowered the spell keeping her hidden, but still made no sound to alert him to her presence. Her heart was racing. Focus, she schooled herself. 

Orlith placed the whip he had been tinkering with back on the wall. Anna caught the briefest glimpse of it before she pulled her eyes away. She would not feel the bite of that lash. Enough with this weakness. 

"Did you grow up in a monastery?" She asked loudly, her voice sharp and sudden in the small cell. 

Orlith whipped around, his face studiously contained but she could practically feel the shock coming off him. He looked at her closely, his eyes falling to her bare neck, and to the fine men's clothing she wore. 

Then his face softened and he chuckled almost to himself, as if enjoying a fine joke. "I never should have listened to that idiot in the tower. You were never going to be that easy." 

"I ask," Anna said, ignoring his response, "because you seem so fond of whips. I understand the boys left at the monasteries of the Dark God are introduced to them early in life. And the monks can be especially vicious towards youthful behaviors." 

She kept her eyes on him, searching to see how her words fell. She saw a flicker of pain was it? But then he was back, a tight smirk on his lips. 

"I knew you would come back to me," he purred. "I've been waiting." 

He stepped towards her. Every inch of her body begged her to flee as he approached, but she held fast, her face calm, her breath controlled. 

"I would not come closer if I were you," she said stonily. 

Orlith looked into her, his face hungry, his intentions bare. "We have unfinished work, pet." The word sent a chill down her spine. "If you've disposed of the king then we have all the time in the world, a wonderful gift. And I get to keep you." He was only a few paces away from her. He reached his hand up as he drew nearer. She felt the pull of his touch, the fear of disappointing him, the need to submit. It was as though two opposite people had begun living together in her head. One raged, furious and afraid. The other was beaten, submissive and broken down, but at peace. The calm was seductive. 

His hand came to her cheek, the blade of his finger running from her cheekbone down her face to her neck. She was paralyzed, trapped between two minds. Orlith smiled cruelly at her, his true self. His presence was overwhelming her. He was too open, too intense. 

Without fully planning her motions, Anna reached up and grasped his hand as it slid down her neck. Her grip wasn't tight and he allowed her to do it. She brought his hand down and cupped it, palm up, in both her hands before her. She lowered her gaze from his piercing eyes to the callused palm etched in deep shadows. Her eyes traced the lines she found there. She brushed the tips of her fingers over the ends of his. These were the hands that hurt her, had violated her. And they had soothed her too. It was conflicting, as he had intended it to be. 

Without the benefit of her magic there was no way to see it, especially in the dark of the dungeon. He had washed but some things do not come off as easily. There it was, etched into the ridges of his fingers, trapped in the crevices around his nails, dusting the rough surface of his calluses. 

Dev's blood. 

"No," she whispered. Orlith withdrew his hand from hers. She looked back up at him, her face contorted in anger. "You killed him. You hurt him and you killed him." She was shouting now, her rage burning away any thoughts of quiet submission. 

Orlith's hand moved faster than she could see, but not faster than her magic. Before his hand could close on her throat, the fire inside her welled up and pushed him back, leaving behind the sensation of a soft caress instead of his intended strangling hold. His body smashed into the wall behind him. 

She stood her ground, breathing hard. She felt her magic falter, as confused as her responses were. Part of her wanted to rip him apart, the other to beg forgiveness. It was too much, he was too much, she wanted out and away from him. He had wormed himself too well into her mind and she was not free of his influence. 

"You can fight this," Orlith said as he righted himself, "but you know you belong to me, you can feel it inside you. Eventually you will have nowhere to hide." 

Anna studied him, considering his words. "You're right, Orlith," his name felt heavy and awkward on her tongue. "I can fight this." 

She launched herself at him, moving like a phantom in the flickering lights. He was masterful, fast and brutal when he fought, she could almost admire it. She struck his body with every ounce of her grief and anger and he returned it, blow for blow. The fire inside her pulled her from the worst of his force but still he came at her. She struck him hard in the jaw and followed with a blow directly to the center of his torso, where his ribs arched to meet each other below his heart. When he curled around the blow she brought her elbow down on his back, on top of those sensitive organs hugging his spine. 

In return he twisted under her defenses and landed a punishing blow to her side, followed with another at the top of her chest, sending her back from him so he could recover his stance. He opened his body as he came at her and she struck his chest with her fists, feeling his hard flesh beneath her knuckles, a sickening feeling of pounding meat with her hand. He hit her back across her cheek, her head snapping to the side. She stumbled back on the uneven stones beneath her bare feet. He too seemed to take a moment before he came at her again. 

There was a moment, a flash of weakness that went through her as he advanced. She felt her body tremble at his approach, her mind twisted away from her and she dropped her fists. Orlith saw it and he reached out, grasping her neck and pulling her towards him. 

"Stop, Anna," he hissed at her. "Submit and have it done. There is nothing left for you beyond this room, beyond me." Her heart lurched even as she grasped his wrist. Part of her believed him. Her magic was also confused. One moment she was fighting him, the next she wasn't and her power followed suit. She felt like she was slipping, back into complacency, back towards him. And so the black fire at her core settled; if she was content, it had nothing to add. 

Anna felt panic wash over her. She couldn't be trapped again, not by him, not again. Serena was waiting, and Leonid had asked her for three days. There was something beyond these walls. She held onto those thoughts as if they were a lifeline, pulling herself out of the mire Orlith had created for her to fall into. 

She gripped his wrists harder, her fingers digging into the tendons of his arms, finding the weak spot he'd used on her buried under his muscles. Orlith's hold loosened enough for her to pull back, weakening it further. She used her grip on him to balance as she lifted her leg, striking him on the side of his ribs with all her strength, releasing him as she landed the kick. His bones gave way and her foe was thrown against the wall, cushioned only by the implements of torture that hung there waiting for her. 

"Is that what you felt when you hit me?" she came at him, dragging him up to standing. "Did you like feeling my body break under you?" She struck him again, her fist meeting his tensed abdominal muscles. She twisted as the punch landed, bringing her elbow up and cracking it across his cheekbone. Her other hand held him against the wall when he sagged, She struck his broken ribs again with her knee. The pain that had been wiped from her body lingered in her mind and she almost felt the sharp crack under her own skin. It made her sick. Orlith was breathing shallowly through the pain as he raised his face to meet her gaze, but he smiled at her all the same, and punched her in the stomach with both fists. 

Anna doubled over and stepped back but he brought his knee up and struck her forehead. She reeled backwards, her back striking the table meant to hold her. "Of course I did," he said, wiping the trickle of blood that had started down from his lip. "You were meant to break under me, and I would have built you back up again, perfect and complete." He struck at her again; she blocked him with her forearm. He kneed her in the gut and her stomach rolled so she nearly vomited on him. He grasped her hair and dragged her face up to his. "But you've ruined it," he breathed as he edged closer to her face, "you'd rather go on, empty inside, lost in a world that doesn't want you." 

His fingers ran over her cheek softly and a look that could almost be called regret flitted across his face. Before Anna could react his lips were on hers, his kiss bruising and forceful. Again she faltered, the trap he set so much more tempting than the continued fight. She softened for a second, and then she bit down, her teeth meeting each other with a click through the skin of his lower lip. He yelled as she released his mouth only to have his voice cut off by her fist under his chin, followed by a foot in the center of his chest. 

Orlith recovered, faster than he should have been able to, and he leapt towards the wall, moving away from her. She advanced again but then he turned back towards her, something clenched in his hand. Before her brain had managed to register the sound of the whip flying through the air at her, the magic that flowed through her brought her arm up to protect her face from the wicked end of the lash. The leather wrapped itself around her forearm, pain lacing its way up her skin. Orlith snarled and jerked the whip back, pulling her with it. She didn't resist as he expected her to and used the slackening of the cord to release the whip's grip on her arm before landing a kick just under his ribs, missing the broken few. He stumbled back, hitting the wall again and raising the whip. 

She spun away and threw herself towards the table, leaping onto it even as the whip cracked in the space she had just occupied. She dodged the empty restraints embedded in the wood of the table and made it to the other end even as she heard Orlith coming up behind her. She turned again, the lash striking at her ankle as she jumped from the edge of the table. Propped against the wall was a rod that looked suspiciously like the metal the jailor upstairs had been using on his victim. Anna grabbed it and brought it up just as the whisper of the whip sounded through the air again. This time the lash wrapped itself tightly around the thin metal over and over again. Anna twisted the bar and yanked the whip from Orlith's hand. She saw his face for only a moment, glaring at her from the far side of the table. 

Anna threw the bar as hard as she could, aiming for his head. But she didn't wait to see if it landed, as she was sure it wouldn't. Instead she scrambled back over the table and threw her body at him, letting the bar and flailing whip distract him long enough for her to get close. She tackled him as he caught the bar. He landed hard, the metal flying from his hands. She was on him in a second, striking him over and over feeling her fury build as she recalled every time he'd hit her, every time he'd broken her skin or pushed her head below the water till she thought her lungs would burst. She hit him for every time he's taken off the blindfold and soothed her, for every time he'd comforted her from the pain he had caused. 

Orlith blocked her right arm with his left and grabbed it, jerking it across his body. His right snaked around her right side, furthering her momentum off him. In an instant he was on top of her, his blood dripping from his face onto hers. He trapped her arms against her chest and leaned his weight on her. She stilled as his weight bore down on her. His bloody lips curled in a sneer. 

"You stupid cunt," he growled. "I should have known you were useless." The gleam in his eye set her off somehow, the fear of being trapped beneath him, the memory of what he'd done to her body served to force her away from her complacency. She was sick of him, of his words and his fists. This ended now. 

"And you are a coward and a murderer," she spat back. With a burst of power she shoved his body off hers, sending him smashing into the wall once more. He got to his feet, still intent on her, but her conflict was gone, and her intention finally clear again. 

She moved forward, advancing on him, striking out at him and giving him not a moment to recover before another blow fell. "Is this enough intensity for you?" she yelled at him, grabbing his head between her hands and bringing her knee up into his nose; the flesh buckled beneath her kneecap. He fell back into the wall, finally having run out of space to retreat from her. Her breath was harsh in her lungs; the feeling of his blood on her fists was unnerving as the warm liquid dripped between her fingers. The man at her feet was a mess. His face mangled by her blows, blood dripped freely down from his broken nose, staining his shirt. When he had stood over her broken body he had felt triumphant. She felt hollow-no relief, no satisfaction. He was still in there, in her head, making her feel uncomfortable for her resistance. 

But she had planned for her weakness. 

"I must go," she said, stepping away from him and back towards the door. She raised her hands, shackles grasped his wrists and drew him up, left him hanging in the center of the room. She began to build her illusion, ignoring the discord within her. Her thoughts were not sound, she felt herself bouncing back and forth between different emotions. She should not be doing this, that much was clear, but it was the only way to seek her revenge for herself and Dev and keep to her promises. She focused on her plan, one she'd made before she'd come to him. 

"You may run, Anna," his voice sliced through her, but she stubbornly stayed her course. "But I am inside you, I am in your mind, you will see me when you close your eyes, feel my hand on your throat, my lash at your back." 

His words struck deep inside her, but she did not have the luxury of time. Serena was waiting. She finished her spell, placing the illusions on their forms and looked back into her own eyes. 
"You can approach," she said in Orlith's voice. 

"What—" Orlith began saying, the face he wore twisted in shock. She cut him off with a raised hand. 

"You will not speak in words," she forced her power into the command. The lumbering form of the jailor appeared before her. 

She gestured to the hanging prisoner in the cell, "She is all yours," she said again in Orlith's voice. 

The jailor looked confused. "But you said that this 'ere was royal business, that I coudna 'ave any part innit," the man looked wary. It seemed she'd underestimated Orlith's previous behavior to the man; the giant looked properly afraid. 

Anna looked back at the girl in chains, she could see Orlith's furious eyes beneath the illusion. An angry scream erupted from the prisoner. 

"I thought I'd give you a go. She doesn't appreciate me, perhaps a taste of you will change her mind," Anna said. The man didn't look convinced. "I'm bored of her." That seemed to work. The man looked at the girl he saw and rubbed his hands together, nodding at Anna. 

Anna took a moment to look at the brute before her. The naked excitement in his face felt all wrong. But wasn't this justice? For her tormentor to suffer as she had? To wear her skin and feel what it was that he had done to her? She looked back at Orlith's masked form. The benefit of the illusion meant she was spared the intensity of his face, and the myriad of confused emotions it elicited from her. But she was confronted with herself, the image of a girl hanging from her chains, bound and presented for injury by another. The effect was confusing deep in her core. 

She walked back into the cell, back to stand before Orlith who was wearing her own face. It was him, she could see his glittering eyes through her spell, and he deserved this. For Dev. For her. She ran her finger, Orlith's finger, across his cheek that was now hers, mirroring his favorite touch. "Goodbye," she said. He yelled again in her voice, raging and shaking in his chains. 

She turned back to the door, the jailor looking over her shoulder at Orlith. "'Ow long do I 'ave wid 'er?" he said, licking his lips grotesquely. 

"Take your time. Don't do anything beyond what I've told you is allowed. And don't release her. She's faster than she looks." And with that she departed, her own screams ringing out behind her. As soon as she was out of sight she fled, throwing herself from the darkness, though the sounds still echoed in her ears. She wore Orlith's image back to the main palace, entering the royal's wing and seeking out the room she'd sensed Serena in. 

Serena looked up, shocked to see Orlith burst through the doors of Evo's suite. Anna shed the illusion like a cloak, eager to be rid of it, as if it would remove his influence from her. She crushed the spell, destroying the wisps of fire that made up his image. Serena waited calmly as Anna shredded the image, having recovered from her initial surprise. 

When Anna stood there, looking at the last twinkling remnants of the spell, Serena came and put her hand to her shoulder. 

"I didn't kill him," Anna said, her voice tight with unshed tears. "He's contained—" she started but left off. "I can't do it." It was only then that Anna noticed Evo sitting silently in the corner. His face was drawn and worried as he looked between the two women standing there. His rooms were luxurious and inviting but Anna felt cold and out of place, the reds and golds of the furniture and drapings bothered her. 

"It's alright Anna," Serena said, "We will figure something else out to make sure you do not have to see him again if you do not wish." 

Anna raised her eyes to Serena's face. "Does that make me weak? That I couldn't manage to? After what he did to me? What he did to Dev?" 

Serena gave her a sad smile. "Of course you aren't weak." She reached into her dress and pulled out a small silver chain with a bright blue bead hanging from it. "Marek and Ian found Dev's body. They removed it for a proper burial and they found this in his pocket. I thought you might want it." 

Anna throat squeezed tight, tears burned but did not fall. Their first day in the city, she had stopped at the vendor and told Dev the story of the gypsies and the necklace the blacksmith had bought. He must have slipped out while she was sleeping that day so that she wouldn't notice when he bought it. 

She took the smooth bead in her fingers, the luscious blue color permeated the opaque glass and yet the light still suffused it. That dreaded grief that she'd been keeping at bay reared up, blackening her insides and closing out all other feelings. 

Serena slipped the long silver chain over her head and the bead came to rest against her sternum. "Thank you," she managed to whisper. 

Cool fingers tilted her chin so that she was looking at the woman before her. "It is okay to cry, Anna. It is okay to be sad." She fretted with the power that held Evo to her control. "We will move past these times. We will heal." 

Anna looked into her eyes, sea green and kind. She wanted to cry, to lose herself again in the arms of someone who cared. Like she had with Dev, who took care of her, healed her and made her smile, carried her burdens and made her feel human again. And he was gone, really and truly gone from her. 

People were approaching. She whipped her head around and listened beyond the door. It was the men from the prison. She turned back to Serena, quickly producing the semblance of a collar at her neck while she simultaneously hid Evo's. 

"The Lord High Steward is here. He returned with a spy from the front just last night. Some Duke is with him, one who was with the king when they came to Evo's room. I left Orlith inside an illusion in the dungeon with the jailor who was torturing the spy. I don't know what they want but I'm sure they will want Evo and the king. You must go, help Wreg, make sure no one suspects." 

As she spoke she backed into the bedchamber at the side of the room, leaving Serena and Evo in the cabinet to receive the intruders. Serena nodded silently and Evo moved at her command to relax in one of the chairs by the fireplace. She in turn took up a seat at his side, kneeling on a rug. Anna shut the door to the bedchamber, finding herself in the darkness therein. 

She listened at the door while the men conversed, speaking plainly of the events in the castle, more casual references to their crimes. Evo, at Serena's behest, was as he ever was, but perhaps a bit more accommodating than usual. It was finally decided by the Duke that it was time to rouse the king from his chambers, temptations of the flesh be damned. 

Anna breathed a sigh of relief when they left, her body still buzzing. She sank to the floor, her back against the door and she put her head in her hands. Her face was aching terribly and distracting her so she started healing her bruises from the fight. Was everything taken care of? Wreg and Serena would divert suspicion. Orlith was confined. The others were working together to keep watch and destroy the projects Evo had already begun. There was nothing to do at the moment. It seemed almost unnatural to be so unoccupied. 

The heavy curtains were drawn on the windows but light still filtered through, illuminating the large chamber. She saw the great bed set against the far wall and she stood, intent on it. How long had it been since she'd slept more than a few tortured moments at a time? Days now. Her body loosened with the promise of rest, clamored for it, seeking out comfort and rest. And yet the thought troubled her. Relief was not something she was accustomed to. She was stumbling forward when something moved in her vision. 

She turned her head slowly, suddenly terrified. The dark in the corner of the room seemed to bend and move for just a moment, and then it stopped, innocent as the next shadow. She shook her head. It was just exhaustion. She took another step towards the bed when a hand brushed the back of her neck. The hairs across her skin stood on edge. She turned back towards the door. Nothing. 

Anna looked, considering the door for a long time, the light coming through above and below it, through the minute cracks in the wood. Then again, the feeling of a presence in the room with her, she sought it out, peering into the darkness as it tumbled and oozed around her. Then it stopped. Fingers ran down the back of her shirt, tracing the marks of beatings long since forcibly washed away. 

Was Orlith free? Was he here? 

Impossible. 

Serena knew where he was, she could have told them. Why would she do that? She wouldn't betray her like that. But she had Evo under her control now; she was powerful. What if she wanted this all along? Had she just played the victim? No, Anna stopped herself. This was nothing but lack of rest and a tired mind. She turned back to the bed. 

The shadows whispered to her. She was alone again. Serena had turned on her, the others were just playing along. They were keeping her complacent until they could marry her off, secure the throne with her bloodline. The darkness came up from the floor, trickling up her body. She tried pushing it off, fear and magic working together to no effect as it encircled her, caging her for when Orlith returned. Panic burned through her. And yet the darkness kept her still. 

She tried to move back to the door, surely she could escape if she tried. But she recoiled from it. She could not touch the light. She was a thing of the dark, a marked soul. Dev had been her light and she'd let him be killed. If she touched the light it would burn her for her crimes against it. She whimpered in fear, turning back to the oily shadows that welcomed her into their embrace. 

"Anna," Leonid's voice called out to her from beyond the swirling gloom. She sought him out. His body was light and glowing. It was just another illusion wasn't it? 

"Anna, it's alright." He reached his hand out to her. She looked at his hand. Was she seeing things now or was he a spell sent to calm her? Wasn't she actually far below in the dungeon, offered up to some new form of torture? Which was real? Her power surged inside her, seeking out the cause of her dismay, looking for something to attack to protect them both. 

She stepped away from the man before her, feeling the restraining hold of something at her back, forcing her head forward so she couldn't twist to see what it was. Someone was behind her, she was sure of it. When she couldn't move to see, that was when the pain came, the nails plunging into her skin, the whip biting at her flesh. 

Leonid was still there before her. He had whipped her, just as Orlith had. They had both hurt her, both hidden themselves from her gaze and done as they wished. Her memories flowed into one continuous painful play of her body twisting away from the whips they bore. Pleasure and pain were the same, all jumbled together. Her tormentor and her owner bled into one another. 

She had not seen him hit her, never seen his face when he hurt her. 

It could have been anyone. 

Leonid's eyes grew wide as she whimpered in fear. She was held in place by shackles of blackness, magic pouring into the air around them. "Anna, you are safe," he said coming forward, his voice gentle and coaxing. He did not see the darkness around her, the presence at her back, the conspiracy beyond the door. 

Because they weren't real. 

A moment of lucid thought blossomed in her head. She saw herself as she was, standing in the center of a dark bedroom, Leonid before her, no restraints, no one behind her. 

"Leonid," she choked out, her hand finding his, solid and real. He swept her up into his arms, holding her body against his. Tears slipped down her cheeks. She buried her face in his chest. "Help me," she whispered. She could feel it rising again, coming to pull her back. 

Leonid brought her face to look at him, his eyes glowing blue in the dark. "You're safe now Anna, there is nothing left to be afraid of." But he was wrong. He didn't know she'd buried it in the dungeon, that her demon may be the victim of her greatest offense. He didn't know that there was another being tortured on her command, that she had succumb to the wickedness she found in this place. 

The madness swallowed her up again; she was pushed under the surface of the blackness around her. Whispers of voices sounded in the room and she twisted in his hold to try and hear them all at once. She was afraid again, her magic pooled in her fists, clenched against the chest of someone holding her, someone caging her and keeping her trapped. She looked into his face as though it were the first time she'd seen him and she let loose the torrent of power inside her. 

The initial blast took Leonid by surprise, she had been there a moment before, said his name. But she was gone now, looking at him as if he were a stranger to her. He fell back, losing his hold as her power pressed at him. But her power was his and he quickly absorbed the spell, moving back and grasping her to his chest again, he quieted the magic inside her even as she shrieked and fought, desperate and out of control. But he held her until the raging stopped. She sobbed into his chest when her strength gave out. 

"Anna, it's alright, it's over," he stroked her hair, pressed his cheek to the crown of her head. When she didn't answer he reached through the thread of power into her thoughts, shocked at what he found there. 

Her mind was fractured, thoughts and emotions lit up and went dark at lightning speed. The normal connections she should be making between what she could sense and what she knew were damaged, her memories mixed up with the present, feeling what she thought as if it were happening to her now. She was afraid, potently and uncontrollably so. It was an aimless and all-consuming panic driven by the loss of understanding the world as it was around her. 

He tilted her head back. Her eyes were closed. A moment of connection occurred, her thoughts coming together as they should, "Make it stop, Leonid." She opened her eyes, looking to him for help. "I can't make it stop." 

She felt the swirling darkness inside her like a tide, her head barely breaching the surface. His touch was soothing but the fear was not gone, the abyss inside her was inescapable. Hadn't it always been so? Hadn't she known from the day that her family had been killed that this was inevitable? Madness. How appropriate. She felt the emptiness inside herself and could not fight it any longer. 

She looked up at Leonid, wishing there was something to say. And she slipped back into the void. 

*** 

So closure...It is coming. I swear. Stay with me. Chapter 14 is almost finished with some new scenes based on what you guys have said. Also thank you to MJ, without whom I would be lost in a sea of typos and plot holes. And as always, Lee and Lethicia were integral to editing this story so thank you two wonderful ladies again. 

Vote and comment! Your feedback has been super helpful.