Sometimes opportunities arise unexpectedly from the unfortunate circumstances of others. Such was the case when Mandy's Grandmother had to be taken into care due to an illness that came on all of a sudden. Concerned for her welfare it had been decided by the family that she would be much better off in a residential care home where she could get some proper rest. 

Although this was something of a sad decision to make there was a silver lining, well for Mandy at least. Her Father didn't want the old ladies home sold off, instead he wanted to keep it in the family as an investment for the future. So with her 21st birthday fast approaching and having made numerous noises about wanting independence and a place of her own it was decided that if she wanted to Mandy could move into it. Obviously she didn't need asking twice, as soon as it was mentioned she was virtually packed and ready to go. 

Obviously her parents were a little apprehensive, although Alison her Mother thought it might not be such a bad thing to get her away from all the troubles with the neighbours particularly Ted, someone who she was still having to pacify on a fairly regular basis. Her Father on the other hand gave her the usual talk about keeping herself safe. To him she was still a naive little girl, he really had no idea! 

The only thing her Father told her she would probably have to buy for herself was a new bed as her Grandmothers was very old and with her not having been very well it might not be all that nice. Of course Mandy didn't mind that, it was a small price to pay for getting her own place, and besides she sort of figured she wouldn't want to keep her Grandmothers stained old thing anyway.

With the move planned for the following week the busty blond decided to head off out that day and buy herself one. Her parents had asked if she wanted them to come with her but she declined their offer, this was something she wanted to do for herself. This was it for the pretty 20 year old, she was buying her first piece of furniture for her new place, as she saw it her first steps into the real grown up world.

It was obvious where to go, Parkers on the corner of the High Street, it had been there for ever and was the only real place in town anyway. So she got herself ready putting on a pair of painted on black leggings a tight black ribbed sweater and a pair of knee high black leather boots. Topped off with a short black leather biker jacket to Mandy this was "casual" day wear. To anyone else however this was the sort of serious erection inducing outfit that could easily cause a car crash...especially when it shows off curves like hers! 

Parkers furniture shop was a pretty run down tired looking old place that had been struggling to survive in the modern world for quite a few years. This was mainly down to the current Mr Parker, Harold, who it has to be said wasn't really all that interested in the old place. In fact a part of him hoped it would sink so he could sell off the rather large but tatty old building and retire on the proceeds. 

Harold Parker had inherited the business from his late Father just a few years before. It had been started almost a hundred years ago by his Great Grandfather and used to be quite the place to shop, but with Harold's father running it almost into the ground its reputation had all but gone. Having lived much of his life as a lazy unemployed waster Harold only inherited the business because there was nobody else for his Father to leave it to. Even then the old man hung on to it until the last minute and in all honesty with Harold being now 61 years old himself the last thing he wanted was this millstone hanging round his neck.

When he took it on there were a few of the trusted old staff still working there, but now it was just him and a couple of part timers. Being a rather unpleasant lazy character meant they couldn't stand working for him, particularly the female members of staff. You see Harold had been married and divorced twice, the second one being almost 20 years ago, and his attitude towards women told a story as to why. He was rather old fashioned and sexist, but the real problem was he thought being the boss gave him certain "rights," which of course it didn't. He really was the epitome of a "dirty old man," with no redeeming features and an aversion to the idea of personal hygiene. Coupled with the fact that he was simply not a nice person, rather arrogant and direct with not much care for what people thought of him. 

The trouble was for Harold he spent most of his time thinking of nothing but the opposite sex, and spent a lot of his time sat in the shop window watching all the women and girls go by fantasising over what he would like to do to most of them. With an insatiable appetite that hadn't been quenched for longer than he could remember the dirty old wanker had set his bar so low that any female would satisfy his needs. The one thing he longed for more than anything however was a nice big pair of tits, and for Harold the bigger the better. 

He had always had a thing for bra busting knockers, nothing had him reaching into his underpants faster. Unfortunately he had never been lucky enough to get his hands on anything like a truly impressive pair, sure many years ago as a younger man he had fondled a few saggy old pairs, but never the sort of big firm young pair that he had spent virtually his whole life dreaming of.

Nowadays with never very much to do the podgy old man spent most of his time on his own in the store gazing longingly out the window at the female population of the town.. 

Today was a Tuesday, a usually quiet day in the town. All the usual faces walked by and the typically lazy old Harold Parker was thinking about having his lunch and then closing the shop for the day. He hadn't had a soul in all morning, and after all he was the boss and could do whatever he liked. Then all of a sudden over the other side of the street he saw her, he couldn't believe his eyes and instantly choked on his mug of tea spilling it down his shirt. It was Mandy, but all Harold knew was she was simply the girl of his dreams, his ultimate fantasy. He had no idea who she was but he had seen the big breasted young blond a couple of times now, and with a body that defied belief she had been driving him slowly insane. He didn't know her name or anything about her but to the sex starved dirty old pervert she was beyond reality, he had never in his life seen a hornier sight than this incredibly gorgeous bitch with absolutely massive knockers!! The young firm bodied vision of beauty had him instantly reaching under his desk for his frustrated old cock, ooh what he wouldn't give to get his hands on a girl like that! Oh man! 

Then all of a sudden he dropped the sandwich he was about to shove in his fat old gob, he couldn't believe it! She had stopped and was looking across at his shop! Was she actually going to come in? Was he finally after all this time going to meet her? 

Mandy paused and thought a moment as she looked across at the shop. She had walked passed it before and had seen this flabby old man ogling her, and there he was blatantly ogling her again. But she didn't mind, in fact looking the way she did she was used to it and if anything it only served to encourage the tease in her. 

So feeling a little playful she couldn't resist stopping and turning her back to him as she pretended to look in the window of the shop opposite. As luck would have it she could just make out his reflection in the glass and wasn't really surprised to see him staring intently at her. She knew she looked more than a little eye-catching in her sprayed on black leggings that vanished deep up between those perfectly formed tight round ass cheeks of hers.

Together with a short leather biker style jacket and tight black ribbed sweater she knew how good she looked in her completely black ensemble, particularly with the contrast of her lovely blond hair cascading down between her shoulder blades.

Having given him a moment or two to drink in the vision she was presenting him with she decided it was time to go over and have a browse around the old furniture shop. She knew it could be quite amusing from the look on his face as she turned to cross back over the road. With her tiny black leather jacket open and her huge knockers stretching the living daylights out of that tightly ribbed sweater she watched the old boys mouth fall open and clearly saw him mouth the words "fucking hell!"

He appeared oblivious to the fact that she was looking right at him as she approached the shop. His stare was fixed solely on her gently bouncing jugs as without thinking he shoved his finger up his nose and began to root around. As she got to his side of the street she felt a little sick as in a trance like state he pulled his finger out and rolled the contents of what he had retrieved between his thumb and forefinger before flicking it away.

"Urgh," Mandy thought, he really was actually pretty disgusting.

He continued staring wide eyed at her as he spat in his hand and slapped it on his head in an attempt to smooth over the greasy strands of hair that barely covered his balding head. As she walked into the shop a small bell rang above the door to signal her entrance. The beautiful 20 year old nearly burst out laughing as in his haste to get to her he banged his knee on the desk positioned between them. "Shit!" he muttered under his breath before coming out with the customary, "c...can I help you?"

"Erm, yes, beds!" Mandy quickly replied.

"Yes, yes, erm this way," he said as he gestured for her to go on through towards the back of the shop. 

Taking the lead Mandy could almost feel his eyes burning into her cheeky ass which, despite her disgust for him, only encouraged her to give it a little extra sway. She was right the dirty old fool seized the opportunity to have a good look amazed at the way those perfectly rounded cheeks seemed to thrust out almost begging to be groped. The black leggings vanishing into the gorgeous deep crevice between could have been applied with a brush!

As she studied the beds he had on display she couldn't help noticing the very blatant way he couldn't resist constantly looking her over. Even when she spoke to him he didn't seem bothered to divert his gaze from her chest to her face. Of course the big breasted blond was used to it, but somehow she was beginning to find it rather more annoying than she normally would. This was partly down to the fact that she took an almost instant dislike to him, call it instinct or whatever, but she could just tell he was not a very nice man. Also she found it a little arrogant of him to think he could just ogle her freely when after all she was supposed to be the customer here! What happened to courtesy and manners? Was it because she was so young that he thought she would be too afraid to take offence and say something? Trouble is he would be right, perhaps that's what annoyed Mandy more, the fact that she just let the dirty old pervert get away with it!

Of course Harold Was in his element, to say he was excited would be an understatement. Having seen this unbelievable looking girl before but only at a distance he felt like a star struck teenager meeting a favourite celebrity. 

Still Mandy allowed him to show her his selection of beds, and of course the old man wasted no time in getting her to try a few out. The pretty girl knew that was the only way to be sure of making the right choice and so she slipped her leather jacket off and placed it on a bed before clambering onto the first one and laying down on it.

Old Harold had to gulp back the saliva that was starting to flood his mouth, he couldn't believe his luck as he admired her phenomenal curves in those painted on clothes without the jacket to obstruct his view. He could feel the unmistakable swelling of his stumpy little cock in his pants as he watched those incredibly huge tits of hers gently sway inside her tight black sweater. He struggled to keep some sort of conversation going, all he could do was stare in amazement at her petite firm body. Her slender waist exaggerating the unbelievable size of those phenomenal boobs, each one a naturally true wonder!

As she positioned herself on her back on the bed the bumbling old fool walked around the it taking the time to have a good long look at her before coming to stand at the foot end. From there he couldn't see her face, it was totally eclipsed by those two huge gravity defying breasts thrusting skyward in her stretchy top. As his eyes wandered down her curvaceous firm young body he began to imagine all the things he would love to do. It was then he noticed the very obvious "camel toe" being displayed by the clinginess of those sprayed on leggings. He continued to enjoy the view as she lay there trying to decide whether the bed was comfortable or not.

Mandy knew he was obviously enjoying the view of her laying on the bed but she had to try them out, and as she rolled onto her side drawing her knees up to see how comfy it was in the foetal position she noticed him straight away move around behind her, it was obvious he was having a good look at her ass. 

Of course he was, imagining spooning in behind her and pressing his now rock hard cock into it as he reached round for those beautiful big tits. Oh what he wouldn't give! 

Over the next ten minutes or so she tried all the beds she was interested in while at the same time increasingly driving the sex starved old bugger more and more crazy by the minute. He even at one stage in his excitement jumped on the bed next to her to demonstrate how it would feel with two people on it causing Mandy to jump straight off. 

As with all things the bed Mandy fell in love with was way out of her price range and so she settled for the best she could afford. Old Harold Parker tried a little sales patter explaining how you couldn't put a value on a good nights sleep, but for Mandy it was a case that she simply didn't have the money. He could see she really wanted the more expensive one and to be honest he would have loved to let her have it, but despite everything he wasn't stupid. The bed she loved was three times the price of the one she chose and so it was decided she would go with the cheaper one and he took her over to his desk to sort the paperwork. 

Mandy was getting increasingly annoyed at the chubby little old man and the way he sat there conducting virtually his entire conversation with her chest. Every time he looked up from the paperwork he was filling in he looked her momentarily in the eyes before every time being drawn down to those enormous 34GG's. 

Again he had one more try at getting her to go for the more expensive bed but despite telling him how much she would love to have it she again explained how it was just too much money. His following comment shocked her to the point that she didn't really know what to say. He gestured towards her boobs and casually said how it might be expensive but he was sure it wouldn't cost anything like as much as those must have done. The pretty blond couldn't believe her ears, what a cheek! Rattled by his comment she replied,"I'll have you know these didn't cost me a penny, they are all mine and as nature intended!" 

"Oh...oh...r.. really," he replied as his eyes seemed to light up. 

Mandy knew instantly from the look on his reddening face that was probably the wrong thing to say. She was too smart however to make the classic mistake where she then follows up with an offer of a quick feel to prove her point. The following momentary silence was deafening as the old man was indeed waiting in the faint hope that she might indeed say just that. Of course it wasn't going to happen and after a few more awkward moments silence and with him still reeling from this unbelievable information she had unwittingly given him he somehow managed to finish the paperwork.

Mandy was more than just a little glad when the whole process was over and she was able to pay him the required deposit so she could bring things to a close. As he explained, (to her boobs of course), she would get the bill for the balance when the bed was delivered. She couldn't help noticing he had dropped his hand behind his desk into his lap, and although she couldn't see, she was pretty sure he was fiddling with his privates. 

As she got to her feet he quickly whipped his hand back above the desk and reached out to give her a handshake. Reluctantly the disgusted girl offered her hand in return which he instantly grabbed and shook vigorously causing a fair amount of movement inside her top, something that wasn't wasted on the filthy old pervert. Mandy didn't really notice though, she was too grossed out by the hot and sweaty feel of his podgy hand in hers, particularly knowing where it had just been. But at last she was able to bid him good bye and leave feeling happy that that experience was over...

...Soon the day of her move into her Grandmothers flat came and with the new bed due to be delivered the following week the excited girl didn't mind the prospect of a week on the sofa.

It all came around so quickly and the day Mandy moved in along with feeling excited she was also a little apprehensive, after all independence is something everyone craves but is still a scary prospect. To be fair it wasn't a difficult move she only had a few bits and pieces which was just as well as the place was obviously still furnished with much of her Grandmothers furniture, not to mention the fact that it was on the third floor. The ongoing plan was to eventually move it all into storage as Mandy became able to buy her own. 

Once all her possessions were in and the door was finally closed the pretty 20 year old slumped onto her Grandmothers sofa and breathed a sigh of relief. However it wasn't long before her moment of quiet solitude was broken by a knocking at the door.

Jumping to her feet Mandy quickly looked at herself in the mirror to check she didn't look too scruffy after her mildly busy day. She was dressed appropriately for a day of house moving with a loose fitting old grey sweater, black leggings, and white pumps with her hair bunched up in a scrunch on top of her head. Even in what she would consider a casual if not scruffy state the gorgeous girl still managed to look absolutely adorable.

She opened the door to find an elderly woman looking rather drab and frumpy in cleaning overalls standing there holding a few plastic containers with what appeared to be food in them.

"Can I help you?" The pretty blond asked the stranger. 

"Yes," the woman replied. "I call in on my father in law Mr Grimshaw every day around lunchtime to drop his meals in for him," she said gesturing towards the door across the hall. As she's talking she's trying to look over Mandy's shoulder into the flat. "Is, erm, is Dorothy not here?" Dorothy was Mandy's Grandmother. 

"No, no she isn't, she moved out a few days ago," the puzzled blond replied. 

The woman could see the look of confusion on Mandy's face and so with rather an arrogant huff she went on to explain how the "old lady," as she referred to her, used to look in on him once or twice a day just to make sure he was okay and he was eating the meals she had brought. 

"Oh I see," Mandy replied still rather puzzled, "well she's not been well so she's had to move out." 

"Well someone has to keep an eye on him," she abruptly replied. Then followed an awkward silence as the woman just looked at Mandy with her eyebrows raised in expectation. 

"S...so," Mandy said hesitantly, "what? Would you, erm, would you like me to do it?" 

The elderly woman rolled her eyes which irritated Mandy somewhat, just because she was young and blond it didn't mean she was thick although that was clearly the assumption she was making. "Yes! If you wouldn't mind," she snapped. "I have brought his food for today so if you check in on him later and make sure he's eaten and then if you could pop your head around the door in the morning to just make sure he's okay tomorrow too it would be most appreciated." 
The woman seemed rather annoyed which caused Mandy to bite back. "Well if you really need me to, but I don't know if I can do it every day!" 

"Well you either can or you can't, but if you don't then I don't know who will," the woman replied, "I have too many other things to do to keep coming back here several times a day.. The old lady that lived here before didn't mind, it'll only take you a few minutes!" Sensing Mandy's reluctance the woman went on. "The old fools away with the fairies anyway, if someone doesn't check in on him he might not eat at all, and I can't stand there watching over him while he messes about with it all day I don't have the time!" 

Mandy couldn't believe the attitude of this woman, you would think being family she would maybe want to look after the old man. So reluctantly the kind hearted young girl agreed, but only for a few weeks to begin with. 

"That'll do," came the unsurprising response. "Come on I'll introduce you quickly." With that the woman turned and with a key opened the door across the hall and went straight in shouting "It's alright it's only me!" With Mandy following behind still not quite able to believe how she had been pretty well bullied into this situation, the horrible woman turned to her and tutting said, "don't know why I bother he can't hear me with that blasted telly booming out!" As they went into the front room the woman grabbed the television remote from the side and hit the mute button. Standing behind her Mandy looked over her shoulder and saw a rather sad and frail looking old man sat staring at the now silenced television. 

"I've got your dinner here, make sure you eat it while it's still warm won't you!". The way she spoke to the clearly frail old man made Mandy's heart go out to him.

With that the woman virtually threw the plastic tubs onto the table just a few feet in front of him. "Shepherds pie today!" She shouted at him as she peeled the lid off and fumbled in her overalls for a fork. "Now don't forget to eat it," she said again rather loudly as she turned to Mandy and rolled her eyes as if assuming they both felt the same annoyance for this poor man. 

As subtle as a brick the woman shouted at him, "this girl is going to call in on you from now on instead of Dorothy! Remember Dorothy? She won't be coming any more, this is...erm..." With that she turned and looked directly at Mandy. 

"Oh, erm, Mandy," the still somewhat confused girl replied as she stepped forward and reached out a hand. 

"Oh don't worry he's not really with it," the woman said observing the slight awkwardness from his momentary lack of any response. 

Feeling quite sorry for him Mandy crouched down before him and placed a hand on his knee. She instantly noticed how bony it was, and as she gazed into his vacant looking eyes she realised what a poor pathetic wretch he was. His clothing was grubby and Mandy wondered whether he was just lazy or if he was truly unable to properly look after himself. From the state of his nearly shoulder length greasy grey hair and his equally scruffy looking beard she wondered if maybe it was a hit of both.

"My name's Mandy," she again said, "I'll be popping in now and again to make sure you're alright."

It was then that his bloodshot tired looking eyes seemed to focus on the pretty blond. As they did he began to smile giving her the not altogether attractive view of his few remaining rotten teeth. "B...b...beau...beau...beauti...f...f...ful," he stammered. 

"Alright, alright," the old woman snapped butting in on him.

Mandy gave his knee a gentle rub before slipping her hand from it and slowly standing back up. As she did his eyes seemed to innocently drift down over her chest where they lingered for a moment. He didn't appear to be ogling her it seemed to be genuinely innocent, and besides Mandy didn't mind. Unlike the old man in the bed shop this old chap seemed to be just sad and lonely and possibly never saw anyone else. Despite wearing a loose fitting old sweater Mandy was fully aware that she could never completely hide her huge double G's and so who could blame him for maybe noticing them. 

Mandy paused and ignoring the miserable old bag she thanked the old man for his kind words before once again smiling sweetly at him. 

"Right let's leave him alone now," the woman snapped clearly rather irritated, "let's not get him over excited!" 

"Right," said Mandy before once again reaching out to his now trembling knee and saying softly, "I'll see you later." With that he placed his cold bony old hand on hers and gave her a smile showing he at least understood what she was saying.

As they left they stood momentarily in the doorway and the woman handed Mandy a spare key to the front door. "Just let yourself in whenever, and check he's eating his food will you," she told her. As she did the miserable woman looked back at the bearded old man sitting there and noticed his eyes were firmly fixed on Mandy's bum which surprised her somewhat. It wasn't the fact that anyone should be looking at her bum, even she had to jealously admit that it was a pretty astounding sight to behold. No she was surprised because that was twice now the senile old fool had reacted in some way to Mandy's presence, normally he doesn't even acknowledge that someone's even in the room, let alone show any signs of interest.

Choosing to think no more of it she led Mandy from the flat and back out into the hallway. She reminded Mandy once more not to forget to just keep an eye on him. Then just before they went their separate ways the woman said one more thing. "Just keep in mind that he's a very old man and he gets confused and doesn't always know where he is, but don't worry about it he can't come to any harm. Fortunately he's afraid of going outside and hasn't been out for years, so there's no chance of him wandering off or anything like that."

Mandy couldn't believe her ears, how could she say "fortunately" he's afraid? But with that she was gone leaving the poor girl slightly confused as to what was expected of her.

Once she was back in her flat Mandy again slumped onto the sofa wondering what had just happened. She hadn't bargained on this level of responsibility. Despite her recent problems at the hands of men the busty young blond didn't see this Mr Grimshaw character as a problem, well at least not in that way. It was a bit of a pain having to check in on him but he was clearly incapable of doing much for himself, and being a kind hearted girl Mandy couldn't help feeling sorry for him. 

Meanwhile across the hall the poor old man was left rather stunned by what had just happened, he couldn't help wondering if it really happened or if his mind was playing tricks on him. He looked at the food that had been left and realised his mind wasn't playing tricks, which led him to think perhaps this new neighbour that was supposedly going to be popping in to see him on a daily basis was for real. He wasn't quite as stupid as everyone thought however. It suited him to appear to be a bit confused and incapable as it raised the level of benefits and help he received, something that proved very worthwhile. True he wasn't well, he certainly wasn't capable of looking after himself full time, and he struggled to move around even with his sticks. He may also have been a little "forgetful" but other than that he wasn't a complete imbecile.

The following morning Mandy was all ready for her day at the estate agents. She had decided to drop the evening job at the hospital for the time being as with now living on her own and having to do everything for herself she simply didn't have the time. Having dressed herself in her uniform of the insanely tight red skirt that could stiffen the limpest of cocks at a hundred yards and her white blouse straining to contain her oversized knockers the stunning blond suddenly remembered old Mr Grimshaw across the hall. 

Not wanting to let the poor old boy down she went and knocked on his door. With no reply she used the key she was given by his daughter in law to let herself in. "Mr Grimshaw! It's me, it's Mandy from across the hall," she called out as she entered his hallway, her red stilettos catching on the worn out carpet as she approached the door to his lounge. 

As she gently pushed the door open she saw the old man seemingly asleep in his chair wearing only a dishevelled old dressing gown. Seeing the frail old man sitting there with his mouth hanging open for a moment Mandy thought the worst. It was only a momentary fear however because as she approached him he suddenly let out a loud snore. He was simply sleeping. Unsure what to do she paused a moment and looked him over. His bearded face was very gaunt with sunken cheeks and his skin looked tissue thin. Looking at the frail state of him sitting there she couldn't help but think how he looked like one of those concentration camp victims you see old those old films. With his dressing gown hanging open she could see his marble white chest with his exposed skeletal rib cage rising and falling with every breath. 

Mandy decided rather than startle him she would quietly back out of the room and come back in making enough noise to wake him. Sure enough as she did his eyes fluttered open and taking a moment to adjust to being awake he smiled at her as she approached him. Of course all the sweet blond girl could see was a nice gentle old man with many of the usual problems brought on by old age. 

After exchanging the usual pleasantries in a mainly one way conversation she noticed the empty plate on the table. Happy that he had obviously eaten something she reached out and placed her hand on the back of his telling him she would pop back in after work to just check he was okay again. "I'll just quickly wash this plate for you then I'll be off," she said as she turned and took it through to the kitchen. 

"Th..th..th..th..thank y..y..y..y..you," he stammered playing up a little his incapable state. 

"That's okay," Mandy replied rewarding the frail old boy with one of her heartbreakingly beautiful smiles. 

As she went through to the kitchen she thought what a sad but lovely gentle old man he was, especially when compared to someone like that dirty old pervert in the furniture shop. Her assessment of him was pretty much spot on, he was a kind and gentle old man with not a bad bone in his body...but he was still a man, a man who couldn't deny what a vision of pure perfection this girl was. But unlike the many old perverts Mandy had encountered this old man was more like the majority of men. What thoughts were going through his mind would stay there. Like most men he saw and fantasised and would love to be allowed to do whatever he wanted with her, but the thought of her knowing that was embarrassingly scary and so he would prefer her to "like" him rather than think him just some dirty old man.

As she walked through to the kitchen he did as most men would, he took the opportunity to have a long uninterrupted look at that incredible skirt stretching ass of hers. He may have been old and unwell but he was still a man, and one so very long deprived of female company. So being in the company of a girl like this, the sort of girl that he had only ever seen the likes of in magazines, was more than a dream come true and it wasn't long before she was causing something to stir in his worn old underpants. A stirring that only got worse as she came back into the room giving him a breathtaking view of her huge boobs gently bouncing and swaying inside that stiflingly tight blouse. They were astounding, he had never seen anything like them, they were real button busters, just so unbelievably huge for a girl with such a fit little body! 

Not wanting her to catch him looking he concentrated his attention on her face, but then what a face. She was so beautiful, an absolute heartbreaker, and the old man felt his heart flutter as she parted those full soft pouting red lips of hers and gave him the sweetest smile.

"I'm off now, but I will pop in later after work to just check you're okay," she said as she left. That was it now for the rest of the day, all the poor old boy could think of was how he was going to see this vision of loveliness again later. 

Sure enough she came back as promised giving the poor old fella another visual feast, a feast that had him literally drooling...and this was how it continued for the next few days. Each time the old man looked forward more and more to seeing her, and each time she didn't disappoint. 

Mandy on the other hand just saw a gentle and sweet yet at the same time quite sad old man, certainly nothing like the old men she had experienced in the past. 

Then on the Friday, the day before her new bed was due to be delivered, she popped in on him at tea time as she was off out to see one of her friends for a bit of a girlie night. Again the old man perked up as he heard her call out his name before coming in. When she entered the room he looked in amazement at her, again she didn't disappoint, far from it. Her huge tits seemed to tease him mercilessly as they gently rocked and swayed in her tight white vest top as she walked towards him. She damn near gave the poor old boy a heart attack! Not only that but the floral print skater skirt she wore completed the cock teasing picture. Cascading fluid like from her slender waist it barely covered her incredibly cheeky ass offering the very real mouth watering possibility of an accidental glimpse of what was underneath. 

Seeing his dinner untouched on the table Mandy realised he probably hadn't eaten anything that day. It wasn't hard to see why, on the plate was the toughest looking piece of beef imaginable. 

"I...I...I...c...couldn't c...cut it," the toothless old man stammered. Of course he couldn't, his hands were riddled with arthritis and without any teeth he would need to cut it up into such tiny pieces that he would never be able to do it.

With that the pretty blond took it through to the kitchen and warmed it through in the microwave before returning with a sharp knife to cut it up for him. To be honest the old man was so engrossed in watching her cheeky ass in that skimpy little skirt and her bra busting boobs in that tight little vest top that he didn't really care about the food. He had to be honest, despite being a good man and a man who would never want to make this gorgeous girl feel uncomfortable, he had to admit he would have given almost anything to get his frail old hands on that ridiculously curvaceous body. Just the thought of it had his old pecker swelling as it throbbed in his underpants.

Of course Mandy had no idea of the thoughts going through his mind, which was why she quite happily stood just a few feet in front of him and with her back to him began the arduous task of cutting that meat up. She had no idea of just what the sight of that short skirt swaying from the movement of her ass as she busied herself cutting the meat was doing to him. Seeing all the way up those firm tanned young thighs of hers with that cheeky little skirt draped teasingly over her shapely bottom had him unable to resist giving a sneaky little rub of his frustrated swelling member. It was then that he had an idea, something he would have never thought he would have the nerve to do, but something that this level of excitement was driving him to. He was sure he could get away with it as she continued to work away at cutting that meat. There was no time to waste, he had to, he just had to. 

He couldn't help himself, he was going to do it. Being just out of reach he took the walking stick that he kept propped up against his chair and desperately trying to control his trembling hand he pointed the end of it in her direction and slowly brought the end of it up behind her. With Mandy blissfully unaware he very gently lifted the back of that little floral skirt.

If she had realised what he was doing he had no idea what he would say, but right now he didn't care. Luckily being such a light flowing fabric she couldn't really feel anything at all. As he feasted his hungry eyes on the unbelievable sight slowly being revealed before him it was as if all time suddenly froze. His mouth salivated his eyes bulged as his already excited old cock stiffened right up as he raised the curtain on a sight more incredible than any he would have ever dared imagine. Mandy was blissfully unaware that he was feasting his tired old eyes on her beautifully formed and incredibly cheeky bum. As if that wasn't enough to complete the picture she wore the prettiest little white lace panties that emerged teasingly from deep between those firm young cheeks. This was more than he would have ever even dared dream of, he couldn't believe what he was seeing, if he died now he would die the happiest man on earth. 

He could feel himself begin to tremble as he caught sight of the tiny strip of white lace between her legs that covered her pussy as she unknowingly leant forward a little further. Now trembling uncontrollably with excitement he gave himself just a few more seconds to take in every detail before reluctantly lowering the hem of her skirt carefully back down leaving Mandy none the wiser as to what had just happened. 

The crafty old bugger couldn't believe it, he had actually gotten away with it! He now had an erection to envy any he had experienced in a long time, an erection that was crying out for attention.

Soon she had finished cutting his dinner up and turning to face him placed the plate on the arm of his chair. As she did the now overly excited old boy watched as her unbelievably huge knockers seemed to spill forward in her little vest top, for a moment he wondered if they might tumble right out in front of him. Of course they didn't but he enjoyed having a good look at her full meaty cleavage before she bid him farewell and left. 

As Mandy left the building and got into her car she realised she hadn't got her phone with her. She rushed back into her flat to grab it only to find it wasn't there. After a few moments searching she suddenly remembered where she had left it. It was on the sideboard just inside old Mr Grimshaw's living room, she had put it there as she walked in. Because she become so involved in sorting his dinner out for him she completely forgot all about it. 

Relieved at remembering where it was she let herself back into his flat and rather than disturb him again she thought she would just reach in through the living room door and grab it. She pushed the door ever so slightly and seeing the phone was right by the door where she left it she reached in and quietly took it.

As she was just about to leave she glanced back through the slightly ajar door and saw his feet, she could see old man was sat in his chair but it was only then she realised something odd. His trousers and underpants seemed to be down around his ankles. Somewhat confused Mandy carefully pushed the door just the extra inch or two required to see what he was doing. 

In an instant she realised what was happening and instinctively clasped her hand over her mouth to stifle her surprised gasp. Sat there with his eyes tightly closed and seemingly lost in his own world he had his shirt bunched up on his chest and his cock firmly gripped in his bony old hand. She couldn't believe it, he was actually masturbating, and not only that but even more surprisingly his cock was absolutely huge! The pretty blond didn't know what was the more shocking, the fact of what he was doing, or the fact that he was not only big but also hard...very, very hard! Now Mandy had seen a fair few in her short time, but even she was stunned and more than a little impressed by the sight of what he had in his hand. 

Unable to help herself she looked on in stunned silence through the gap in the door. It looked unreal to see this frail old man, his skinny marble white chest rising and falling as he rapidly panted for breath, and his stick thin legs trembling away as he gripped in his bony old hand something that couldn't look more out of place. His cock was rock solid and straight as a post and had to be easily a foot long! At first glance it looked like it was fake, like it wasn't a part of him, but it was and with bulging veins running up and down its length as he worked his hand up and down it she wondered how long he was going to last. It dwarfed his tightly gripping hand which seemed to be pumping faster and faster, every downward tug exposing a hugely swollen purple head.
Mandy understood this was something that all men do and she thought for a moment about quietly making her exit and leaving him with his privacy. But just as she was about to she couldn't help looking back as she heard him grunting loudly before hearing him cry out. "God, oh G...God yes!

Peaking back through gap in the door she saw his feet shoot out in front of him as his skinny old legs went rigid and his fist became a blur. She watched as his huge balls visibly clenched in their hairy old scrotum and she heard him again cry out. "Oh yes you dear sweet lovely girl! Oh f..fuck me, fuck me oh yes oh God!" Then all of a sudden with a pained look on his face he suddenly came so hard that huge streaks of dirty thick spunk flew into the air landing all over his chest. The pretty blond was more than just a little amazed as he pumped what seemed like an endless amount of the gooey white stuff from his surprisingly impressive appendage all over himself. He was in a right mess and in no time at all his hand, stomach, and chest were splattered with great big globs of it. Not wanting him to know she was there she quickly and quietly ducked out of his flat leaving him to sort himself out.

Old Mr Grimshaw had no idea that she had seen his this most private of moments, if he had known he would have been mortified, especially knowing that she was the reason for it. 

Mandy spent the rest of the evening thinking about what she had witnessed. She had to admit the more she thought about it the less surprised she became. After all she understood that all men did these things and there was no reason why he should be any different. She couldn't help thinking and wondering in all honesty if she hadn't probably been the cause of his need to "relieve" himself in such a way, particularly hearing what he cried out. What she didn't know was she had actually been the cause for him to do just that every day since he first laid eyes on her. 

Over that weekend she thought little more of what she had seen, not least because other events took over giving her other things to think about. To cut a long story short she took delivery of her new bed, something she had been looking forward to but after the delivery guys had gone she realised they had delivered the wrong one. Not only that but it was the more expensive bed that she really wanted. For a moment she thought this may be a good thing, they had made a mistake and she was going to benefit with a bed that should have cost over three times as much as the one she actually bought.

But of course people, and especially Mandy, are never quite that lucky. It came with an invoice for an outstanding balance that required immediate payment, and the balance was for the value of the more expensive bed and not the one she ordered. She immediately phoned the shop and spoke to old Harold Parker, the little fat pervert that she had taken an instant dislike to right from the start. She told him that they had delivered the wrong bed and she could in no way afford this one. 

He told her there had obviously been a mistake and she would have to come into the shop with the invoice so he could sort it out. Unfortunately the shop would be closed by the time she could get there so she arranged to go in to see him on the Monday...something to be honest that she wasn't really looking forward to. On the plus side it meant she did get two lovely nights sleep in a very comfy and incredibly expensive bed.

Monday morning came and just after they had opened Mandy marched into Parkers furniture shop with her invoice ready to get this whole cock-up sorted out. Having taken the morning off work she dressed casual in a very snug fitting pair of faded denim jeans and a rather cute white t-shirt with a pink love heart logo on the chest that looked like it had been shrunk to fit...and what a fit it was! Her huge boobs stretched it out so much that it pulled it up above her waist leaving her firm tanned belly exposed for all to see.

Old Harold Parker had seen her coming and quickly positioned himself to greet her as she walked into the shop. As he watched the gorgeous blond come in he was treated to the wonderful sight of those 34GG knockers swaying and bouncing with every step she took. Already he was getting excited, something he found difficult to hide as he ushered her through to his office.

"Please...take a seat," he said as he gestured towards the chair opposite his desk, "now let's see what has happened here." The whole time he's speaking he can't take his eyes off that straining t-shirt, despite having seen her the week before and knowing how big her tits were he was still left stunned into a momentary amazed silence.

Mandy tried to ignore the drooling old perverts lecherous stare and proceeded to explain how they had delivered the wrong bed and how she wanted it changed as there was no way she could afford the one they had sent.

The greasy haired podgy old man sat himself down opposite and explained there would be no problem in changing it, something that had Mandy breathing a sigh of relief. "As long as it's still wrapped and you haven't slept in it," he went on. This had Mandy suddenly panicking, of course it wasn't wrapped and of course she had slept in it! 

What ensued was a heated discussion between the two of them which basically ended with the busty young girl finding herself in a fix. She had to admit she obviously preferred the bed she had but again explained there was no way she could possibly afford it, she simply didn't have that kind of money. 

Now Mandy could easily be excused for thinking this was all some elaborate plan by a dirty old pervert to have her at his mercy, after all it wouldn't be the first time. But in fact it was a genuine mistake, old Harold Parker had been so distracted by this beautiful big breasted young girl that he simply wrote down the wrong bed. However his mind was now working overtime as he now found himself presented with an unexpected opportunity, an opportunity for what he wasn't quite sure of yet. But with every passing second it was becoming more and more obvious that he was suddenly finding himself in a position of power over her...and that was an opportunity not to be missed!

Now the mood in the room noticeably changed, Harold Parker sat back in his chair with an air of arrogance as he pondered the problem, a problem that as far as he was concerned was completely hers! "I understand what you're saying," he told her, "but despite who's at fault you've now used the bed and so its no longer any use to me, so the bill has to be paid," he said rubbing his flabby chin as he continued to blatantly stare at that mind blowing bust of hers. "If you don't pay then I will have to refer it over to a collection agency...and I'm sure a young girl like you just starting out in life doesn't want that."

Mandy didn't need this, she honestly had no idea what to do, she now had this bill that she had no hope of paying and in her state of panic she began to sob. "Please," she pleaded, "I can't pay, I don't know what else to say."

With that he got to his feet and walked around to stand behind her telling her not to upset herself. Mandy then flinched as he placed his fat sweaty hands on her shoulders and slowly and creepily began to massage them. Mandy couldn't believe the cheek of him, his sudden familiarity put her instantly on edge but she didn't want to upset him by rudely shrugging him off. Being the sort of horrible man he was Harold wasn't going to wait around. He was going to take full advantage of this sudden and unbelievable situation he unexpectedly found himself in. 

Working his podgy fingers harder into her shoulders it was all the dirty old pervert could do to stop drooling all over her as he looked down at the way those lovely tits of hers gently moved up and down in tune with the motion of his massaging hands. 

After a few moments awkward silence where each of them were waiting to see what the other would do the increasingly excited old man eventually said something that really came as no surprise to the pretty young blond. He brought his head down beside hers and squeezed her shoulders hard as he said, "well I suppose there might be one way of resolving this whole situation". With his rank heavy breath on the side of her face she felt him move his hands along her shoulders and slowly down her upper arms before stopping dead and gripping them firmly.

"Wh...what do you mean?" She asked realising as the words left her mouth what a stupid question it was. Of course she knew exactly what he meant, but in her state of panic and desperation she couldn't think of anything else to say.

Harold couldn't believe his luck, he had to be careful, he didn't want to scare her off. But with his mouth watering and his cock stiffening as he gazed down at those huge jugs thrusting out before her he knew this was a once in a lifetime opportunity, and if he didn't take it he would never forgive himself. 

"Mmmmmm you are lovely, and I'm sure a lovely sweet young thing like you could easily find a way to twist a poor old man like me round her little finger," he whispered in her ear as he rubbed the side of his face against hers. Her hair was as soft as silk and her skin as smooth as velvet as he brought a hand up and slowly turned her head to face him. "Perhaps a nice little kiss would help convince me to be a little more understanding," he said creepily as he licked his lips. 

"I...erm...," she began as she looked at him through large watery eyes that seemed to draw him in.

God she was so beautiful! Those full pouting young lips of hers were just too inviting, and without another word he moved in and placed his slimy old mouth over hers and kissed her with a sudden forcefulness that left her frozen to the spot. Within seconds he was trying to force his tongue into her mouth which seemed to spark her into life and had her quickly recoiling from his grip in disgust. Wiping the back of her hand across her mouth in an attempt to remove the vile taste of him she watched him stand up straight and smile as he stared down at her. 

"Don't be like that," he said with an arrogant smirk on his face, "I'm only trying to find a way of helping you pay this bill..." As he spoke he again placed his hands on her shoulders and began to massage them quite roughly. His eyes once more focuses on those shirt stretching tits and the subtle way they moved as he continued to forcefully massage her shoulders. As if in a trance he just stared and went on, "I'm sure there must be some way we can sort this." 

Mandy turned her head away and looked down at the floor as without saying another word the dirty old boy with his hands still on her shoulders very slowly but very deliberately began to claw her skimpy little t-shirt upwards. His eyes bulged and he began to tremble as she seemed to offer no resistance. He couldn't believe it, she said nothing as inch by inch he carefully drew the tight cotton top up higher and higher. He just stared in amazed wonder as with no objections from the pretty blond her lovely lace bra slowly emerged before his very eyes. 

The dirty old perv could barely catch his breath as he looked down and saw her huge firm young breasts swelling from the pink and white lace cups struggling to hold them firmly in place. As if with a mind of its own the stretched t-shirt retreated upwards until it came to rest under her chin leaving old Harold with a sight more incredible than any he had ever seen. 

Unable to contain his overwhelming excitement Harold muttered, "God, oh God, yes, oh yes that's it, that's a good girl..." Having never been in such a position before he didn't hesitate, having spent his whole life lusting after girls with big tits he now found himself confronted with what can only be described as sheer perfection, all his dreams and longed for fantasies right before him. The incredible sight of a pair of tits so big and round thrusting outward with the unbelievable firmness of youth. He couldn't help himself as he instinctively reached down and grabbed one in each hand. He let out a long deep groan as Mandy sat there motionless unsure what to do. The deprived old pervert had never experienced anything like it, overwhelmed by an emotional lust like he had never known he took a firm hold and sinking his fingers into the firm round flesh he squeezed as hard as he could. 

It was then that Mandy decided it wasn't on, why should she let this disgusting old pervert have his way? She began to struggle but the lust fuelled adrenalin pumping through his body gave him a hidden strength that she couldn't compete with. Still she tried but the puffing and panting old man continued to maul and molest her phenomenal jugs through the flimsy lace bra with a fevered state of desperation, and the more she fought the more he seemed to enjoy it.

"Oh so big, so fucking lovely and big," he went on astounded by the combination of their size and incredible firmness. Still Mandy tried to break free but he was oblivious to her objections as without a care he roughly massaged and manhandled them all over clearly making the most of this opportunity. She knew it was futile, her resolve was already fading, not least because she began to get those feelings, feelings she knew only too well.

Despite her hatred of this vile flabby old man, and despite the fact that she would have loved more than anything to bring her foot up hard and fast between his legs, she couldn't deny the effect his treatment was having on her. She hated herself for feeling it, but as was so often becoming the case with the beautiful blond, she was starting to get turned on by it all.

Grunting and snorting like a pig he licked and slobbered all over the side of her pretty young face. Every time she tried to push him off he just grinned telling her not to be so silly and how it wasn't hurting anyone. "Not hurting anyone! You arrogant bastard!" Mandy thought to herself.

"Yes, oh yes," he continued as he began to pull one of her pretty lace bra cups down with one hand while reaching inside with the other. 

"No, no!" Mandy half heartedly cried out realising she could do nothing to stop him as he heaved out one of her mind blowing breasts! Just as quickly he did the same with the other.

"Yes, on fuck yes!" He again sighed as he crouched down in front of her, grabbed her upper arms and pinned them by her side against the back of the chair. With her bullet sized strawberry pink nipples thrusting out from her hugely swollen naked breasts the old man licked his salivating lips. His mouth now hung open as he just stared in total stunned amazement, tears seemed to well in his eyes as he leant into them and teased them with his tongue causing them to harden up even more. Pausing every few seconds to simply admire them before returning to lick tease and suck on the magnificent things. 

Mandy again tried to wriggle free but it only made the dirty old pervert smile as each time it only served to make her full firm boobs bounce and jiggle. As he flicked his tongue over them his frustrated excitement took over, the sight before him was too much to take and with his mouth open as wide as it would go he lunged forward.

Mandy turned her head away as he devoured her right breast with a fevered desperation cramming as much of it into his mouth as possible.

"Mmmmmmph, mmmmmmmph," he groaned as he buried his face into it before doing the same with the left one. "Yes oh fuck yes, that's a good girl," he puffed, "just think of that lovely bed you're going to have," as if she needed reminding why she was in this mess. He squeezed and groped them sinking his fingers in as deeply as he could while at the same time sucking and chewing on them. It was all happening so fast and Mandy suddenly realised he had reached down and was unfastening his trousers. Nothing could prepare her for the speed of what happened next. Puffing and panting the sweaty old pervert suddenly stood up, and as he did his trousers and underpants fell to the floor. 

"Oh God, oh God, oh God," he kept saying. He had lost all self control and his excited state was such that he was about to blow his load whether he wanted to or not. 

All Mandy saw poking out from under his rounded belly was a rather unimpressive stubby little cock, but it was hard as hell and twitching with excitement with a string of slime hanging from it. Before she could do anything he roughly grabbed her tits and stuffed it between them squeezing hard as he squashed them around it.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, oh fuck, fuck!" He cried out as his sweaty face grimaced and the busty young beauty instantly felt something wet and warm flood between her tits. "Shit, oh shit, fuck it, uuurgh, uuurgh, fuuuuuuuuck!" With his hips pounding away like a jack-hammer the old man shot load after thick creamy load. "Ooh those tits, those lovely big fuckin' tits," he moaned and groaned as the relief of emptying his frustrated old balls, albeit far too soon for his liking, washed over him. 

"Fuck yeah, oh fuck yeah, ooh baby I needed that," he went on as his pace slowed and he squeezed the remainder of his filthy seed all over her magnificent young bust. As he came to a stop he placed his hand under her chin and lifted it so he could take a long lingering look at her oh so pretty face. "Mmmmm, lovely, so lovely," he sighed as he removed his spent tool from between her tits and surveyed the damage. He smiled rather proudly at the spunk covered pair, so much of the thick creamy stuff not only between them but also laying in huge globs on top of them.

After a few seconds he reached down to pull up his trousers up which gave Mandy the green light that it was all over. Not wanting to waste time she didn't bother wiping herself clean, she simply put her tits back into her bra and pull her top back down. With wet stains seeping through the thin cotton the gorgeous girl got to her feet and went to leave. As she did the old man said something that she should have seen coming...

"Well that's the first payment made." 

"W...what?" 

"Well it's a lot of money, you didn't think that was it did you?" 

"B...but..."

"Yes I reckon ten instalments should do it, don't you?"

Mandy just looked stunned at the arrogantly smiling old fart.

"Don't look so worried my beautiful, only another nine payments to go..."

Mandy said nothing, she simply stormed out slamming the office door behind her! 

That evening the busty beauty was so angry she couldn't get to sleep. Despite her hatred of this filthy old pervert and what he had done she couldn't get away from the fact that the more she thought about what happened the more it turned her on. She didn't want to admit it to herself but the thought of him and even his stubby little erection had her laying there thinking all sorts of shamefully naughty thoughts. She felt disgusted with herself for even thinking about it, but regardless of the confusing feelings building up inside she still resisted slipping her hand inside her pretty little panties and touching herself, even though it was hard.

The beautiful young blond knew she could go out and have any man she wanted but for whatever reason she couldn't help finding the thought of a filthy sexually deprived old pervert getting off on her a bigger turn on than anything else.

The following day she put these thoughts out of her mind and as she left for work at the estate agents she popped in for her daily check on Mr Grimshaw. She was obviously unable to hide the fact that she was still fuming over the whole business as the old boy could tell something was wrong. He wondered if he had done something to upset her, perhaps she had noticed him perving over her, he hoped not although it was hard not to seeing her standing there looking incredibly sexy as always in her uniform.

He couldn't leave it he had to know and so asked her if everything was okay, even asking if he had done something to upset her. 

Instantly the pretty kind hearted girl felt bad and reassured him he hadn't done anything. Still the old man persisted with his questioning until after some holding back she eventually told him the whole sorry saga about the bed and the amount of money she now owed. Obviously she didn't mention everything that happened yesterday regarding her initial "payment" she stopped short of that bit of embarrassing information. 

She could see the sad old man was genuinely concerned for her which she found quite touching. "At last a man without a hidden agenda," she thought to herself. She didn't let the time she saw him masturbating effect her opinion of him, she figured it was just a natural thing that all men did? She could tell he didn't have a bad bone in his body.

She was of course right, well in part at least. He didn't have a hidden agenda, like the vast majority of people he would never dream of trying anything on with her, the mere thought of it was ridiculous. But that didn't mean he didn't want to, just the sight of her standing there with her ass trying to bust out of that extremely tight red skirt and her huge tits trying to bust out of that tight white blouse had his blood pumping like if hadn't for a good many years. He would have given his remaining time on this planet to be allowed to touch her, just once...but he wasn't stupid, he knew it would never happen.

Later that day Mandy returned after a rather non-eventful day at work and as she entered her flat she found an envelope had been pushed through the door with her name on it. Picking it up and opening she couldn't believe what was inside, a wad of money together with a note. The note simply read, "hope this helps sort your problem."

She counted the money and unbelievably it was the full amount that she owed for the bed. It was clearly from Mr Grimshaw, but she couldn't accept it...could she? 

Without hesitation she hurried across the hall to his flat to thank him knowing deep down she had to decline his kind offer. The old man just sat there stuttering and stammering as she explained how it was too much and she couldn't possibly accept it. Eventually he managed to get his words out and taking his stick and getting to his feet he told her how he had plenty of money, money that he really had no use for. Mandy listened patiently as the frail old man took several minutes to stutter and stammer his way through saying how he would rather help a kind and lovely girl like her rather than leave it one day for that greedy miserable daughter-in-law of his. 

With that Mandy reluctantly accepted rewarding the him with a huge hug, something for him that made it all instantly worth while. It would have been just a hug to most people, very nice but just a hug. But to him it was the most amazing experience, Mandy could have no idea what it meant to him. With the softness of her cheek against his and her lovely blond hair draped in his face, his nostrils filled with the sweetness of her perfume and he couldn't resist dropping his stick, slipping his hands around her waist and hugging her back. 

The embrace lasted just a few seconds but what a few seconds it was for the poor lonely old man. He finally experienced the incredible firmness of those huge young tits of hers as they crushed against his bony old chest. They were so big he felt they might push him over, but with a firm hold on her slender waist he got to enjoy them for that one memorable moment. Not only that but as Mandy went to release him she kissed him on the cheek, it was only a quick peck but for the flustered old man it was heaven sent. In that moment he seized the opportunity to do one more thing. As he released her from his grip he allowed his hands to slowly drop and he got to briefly touch that incredible ass as they lightly brushed over it. Mandy didn't even notice, to be honest the way the sexy thing stuck out it was probably something she was used to as it happened quite often. 

After a few more pleasantries the lovely girl told him she would have to go and have a shower but she would pop back later. To say he was delighted would be a definite understatement, he couldn't wait.. 

Having showered Mandy decided she would take a bottle of wine over to share with the sad old boy, it was the least she could do after such an unbelievable act of kindness. She was so grateful that she decided to wear something she knew he would like. Possibly this was down to the tease in her or maybe it was the frustration she was still feeling brought on by recent events, but whatever the reason she put on what she thought was his favourite skirt. It was the short cotton floral print skater style skirt she was wearing the day she caught him masturbating, which was the reason for why she was so sure he liked it.

On top she wore a tiny white cotton cardigan that fitted her curves so snugly that it left little to the imagination. With buttons up the front and a 'V' neck that gave a teasing glimpse of her ample cleavage nicely. She wasn't deliberately setting out to tease him mercilessly she simply wanted to look nice for him after he had been so lovely to her. Happy with the way she looked Mandy grabbed a bottle of wine from the fridge and headed off across the hall. 

Old Mr Grimshaw waited expectantly for her arrival, still feeling excited by what had happened earlier he was maybe looking forward to it a little more than normal. He didn't bother getting changed he couldn't see the point, there was nothing he could do that would make him any the more attractive so he just waited in his usual grubby shirt, tatty old cardigan and baggy old trousers. 

When the gorgeous blond came bounding in clutching a bottle of wine he couldn't believe his eyes...seemingly full of the joys she looked absolutely amazing. The buttons of her over-stretched top were seriously struggling to contain those spectacularly huge knockers of hers, every time she moved it looked like they could burst out at any moment. Then there was that skirt! The skirt he recognised straight away as the one that offered him that cheeky glimpse the other day? Just as he remembered it was so short that it only just covered that phenomenal ass, and as she went through to the kitchen to get some glasses he watched the fluid like way it swayed while at the same time clinging to those perfectly formed cheeks. Already he could feeling his manhood swelling inside his pants something that he had to quickly adjust his trousers to hide. 

As she came back in he watched her tits bounce and jiggle as they wrestled for the limited space inside that meagre top. Pulling up a dining chair she sat herself opposite him and poured the wine. As she did she crossed her legs treating him to a view of almost the full length of her luscious thigh. 

He had to admit he had sat himself on the sofa in the vague hope that she might sit next to him, but from where he was sitting he had to admit couldn't really complain about the view! 

Mandy looked at him as she struck up a mostly one sided conversation, as she did she noticed his confidence seem to grow as he became more comfortable in her presence, even his stuttering became less noticeable as he began to chat more easily. Despite her feeling sorry for him she wished he old maybe take a little more pride in his appearance, she never understood why men of a certain age seemed to take less care of themselves. His lank greasy grey hair and straggly grey beard just looked so scruffy. Not only that but his tatty ill fitting clothes only emphasised the fact that he was clearly unwell. Surely they fitted him once, probably back when he had a full set of teeth and a more sound mind...however long ago that was! She also noticed something else, his eyes kept on wandering down to places that perhaps they shouldn't, but she didn't mind, if anything she was only too pleased if the sight of her made him happy. 

As the bottle of wine came to an end it was clear that Mandy had drunk probably the majority of it. The old man told her there was another few bottles in the kitchen and as she went out to see what there was he was again afforded a good long look at her lovely young bum barely hidden by that swaying skirt. As she returned Mandy tripped on the edge of the carpet and stumbling forward just laughed as she said, "if I didn't know any better I'd say you were trying to get me drunk?" 

He just smiled, that wasn't the plan but had to that actually wasn't a bad idea. Again she started on the wine not realising that old Mr Grimshaw was still on just his second glass, a glass that he had been nursing for some time. As her glass became empty the old boy would subtly fill it up to the brim while at the same time only putting a drop in his own. Soon that bottle too was empty and again Mandy was out in the kitchen fetching another. This time as the now rather tipsy blond stumbled across the living room she planted herself on the sofa right beside him. She sat so close that Mr Grimshaw could feel her thigh against his, a truly exciting experience for a sad and lonely old boy, an excitement that was increasing as the minutes ticked by. 

Now Mandy wasn't a big drinker and so after a couple more glasses and repeatedly saying how she must get off back to her own flat the busty young blond was soon starting to become drowsy. 

Old Mr Grimshaw had said virtually nothing all evening, instead Mandy did all the talking, just general boring chit chat most of which the old man couldn't remember, but he didn't mind he was happy just having her company for the evening. 

"Mmmm, I'll get off home in a minute," she slurred as she suddenly curled up on the sofa. Resting her head on the arm and drawing her feet up pressing them against the old man he couldn't believe how quickly she seemed to go off. Within a few seconds she was drawing long slow breaths and it was clear she had drifted off into a deep sleep. 

Now this presented Mr Grimshaw with something of a dilemma. He could wake her up and suggest she goes home to bed, or he could just sit there enjoying the view of her ass facing him draped in that tiny skirt. Not only that but where she was curled up her huge boobs were bulging out of her top, a truly cock stiffening sight. Of course there was no contest, the poor old man didn't want to do anything that would upset her or even more importantly get him into trouble, but the sight of this 20 year old blond beauty curled up next to him did excite him. 

After sitting there for a few minutes studying the gorgeous girls curves he began to get more and more frustrated. Curled up in the foetal position with that lovely sweet bum right next to him he wondered if she would notice if he touched her, just for a moment. This was the slow emergence of the deeply hidden side of his personality, the sex starved dirty old man that craved the luscious curves of a beautiful girl. A man longing for the opportunity to just once enjoy the female form for real rather than in his imagination. He knew this may be that opportunity, this was a position he would surely never find himself in again. 

Seeing she was still in a deep sleep but at the same time not wanting to alarm her, he gently placed his hand on top of her bare thigh just below the hem of her skirt. Instantly he felt his old pecker throb in his pants as for the first time he felt the silky smoothness of her lovely young skin. 

He again looked at her face to see if she was still asleep, she was and so the randy old boy giving himself a gentle rub through his trousers. He was so excited, he knew it was wrong but she looked so gorgeous and tempting that he didn't know what to do. All he knew was that he would never be in a situation like this again, a situation that up until now he only ever dared dream about. Whatever he did there was no getting away from the fact that as his mouth filled with saliva his cock was now as hard as a rock.

He admired the teasing way her tiny floral skirt draped loosely over that incredible ass and couldn't help thinking what an incredible gift this was he was being presented with. Remembering how she hadn't noticed when he lifted it with his walking stick he wondered if he might just get away with it again. 

Pausing for a moment he slowly felt his way along her thigh, if felt so good under his bony old fingers as they crept higher and higher until they reached the hem of her saucy little skirt. Gritting the few rotten teeth he had left in his head together he carefully took hold of the hem and began to slowly lift it up. Constantly checking she wasn't waking up he gradually lifted it higher and higher until he was able to gently drop it higher up out of the way leaving her beautiful firm young bottom fully exposed before his lustful gaze.

Instantly the saliva filling his mouth began to spill over his bottom lip as he stared in awe at Mandy's beautifully rounded ass cheeks, perfect in every way he knew he had to touch them. He brought his hand up to wipe his mouth as he took a long and loving look at the sweet little white lace panties emerging from between and stretching high across them. Again he checked and she appeared to be still in a deep sleep. He knew what he was thinking was wrong but he couldn't help himself, he had no choice, if he didn't take advantage of this unbelievable situation he would regret it for the rest of his days.

With trembling hands a drooling mouth and an erection that throbbed like never before he gently placed his palms onto her lovely tight young ass and closing his fingers in he gently squeezed. Still the pretty young blond slept as his bony old hands began to carefully fondle the beautiful thing all over. He couldn't believe his luck as still she didn't stir. As he became bolder he began to grope it all over amazed at just how tight and silky smooth it was. 

After a minute or two he couldn't resist stooping down and softly kissing it as he fingered the lace trimmed edge of those pretty white lace panties. Mandy still gave no reaction. The old boy was terrified that she would wake up but he couldn't resist opening his mouth as he began to gently lick and caress it with his slobbering wet mouth. 

He couldn't believe what was happening, he would never have thought he would be in this position let alone have the nerve to do anything about it. But what he didn't know was that while Mandy slept she was starting to dream a naughty dream. Perhaps it was because of how she had been reluctantly turned on by the old man and his antics in the shop, or maybe because of the thoughts she had been trying to stifle about what she had seen Mr Grimshaw doing to himself the other day. Whatever it was in her drunken stupor she was in one of those confused dream states of not knowing whether she was awake or asleep. But whatever it was her dream certainly seemed real. 

The first had old man knew of it was when she let out along slow sigh, something that caused him to freeze in his tracks. Getting ready to flip her skirt back over he was shocked when rather than waking up she gave her ass a little wiggle as she seemed to make herself more comfortable by moving it closer go him. It was as if she was inviting him to continue.

He needed no more encouragement than that as his dirty old hands went back to work on molesting that beautiful firm young ass of hers. Again Mandy sighed and with the old man now found himself presented with the sight of the silken gusset of her panties peeking out between her cheeks. He couldn't resist it, it was too much of a temptation as he ran his nicotine stained old forefinger along it, gently at first but then soon pressing a little harder. Tears welled in his sad old eyes and his bottom lip trembled uncontrollably as he felt the warm moist softness of her pussy through the skimpy material. Was this really happening? Was she actually allowing him to do this? 

In Mandy's dreamy state she thought she was back in the furniture shop. But of course dreams rarely make any sense and in the mind of the increasingly horny blond it wasn't Harold Parker the shop owner she was dreaming about, but old Mr Grimshaw and his unusually enormous penis! 

Of course the old man couldn't have known this as he was unable to resist unzipping his trousers and releasing the same unusually enormous penis. Springing free from the confines of his underpants the 12 inches of engorged solid gristle visibly pulsated as he began to slowly stroke the huge veiny thing. Now realising he was getting away with doing almost anything he repositioned himself on the sofa before gently lifting her upper ass cheek. Taking a moment he admired the sight of her panty covered pussy, a sight he never dreamt he would ever see, before lowering his head towards it. With a quick glance to check she was still sleeping he spontaneously sighed as like the old pervert he really was he sniffed along it filling his nostrils with her sweet feminine scent. 

With his mouth watering uncontrollably he couldn't stop himself from taking the chance and running his tongue along her soft sweet silk covered pussy. .

He was now excited beyond belief, she tasted so lovely, he wanted more, so much more. He paused to again check her eyes were still closed and as he did he wished he could somehow touch those lovely huge tits of hers, but the way she was lying with her arms clasped across her chest it was clear they were out of bounds. 

Just then Mandy stirred and in her dreamy state muttered, " mmmmm, ooh yes." 

Panic stricken old Mr Grimshaw sat bolt upright and flipped her skirt back over herself before wrestling his throbbing erection back into his trousers. He sat there without moving waiting to se if she was going to wake up. Thankfully she appeared to be still in a deep sleep and after waiting a few minutes the cowardly old man lifted her skirt to have one long last look at the beautiful sight underneath before making the hardest decision imaginable. Realising he obviously wasn't going to be able to go any further he knew he had to stop before he got caught. Before he did he knew he had to do one more thing, something that was either brave or foolish but whatever he knew he had to do it. 

Despite being terrified there was a stronger force driving him. Sweating and trembling like a leaf he very carefully wormed a bony old finger inside her panties before slowly lifting the gusset aside. Suddenly there it was! He couldn't believe his bulging blood-shot eyes! He was looking straight at this beautiful busty young girls sweet tight pussy. It was absolutely mouth watering, glisteningly moist and looking so tight and just so very inviting. The old man thought he might have a heart attack as he couldn't resist running his nicotine stained finger tip carefully along it.

"Oh m...m...my," he sighed as he felt the wetness of her juices from within. Bringing his finger to his nose he inhaled her scent. Like it had a mind of its own his old cock was desperately trying to bust out of his trousers, but he knew he could do nothing with it. Again he traced his finger along her temptingly moist slit when all of a sudden as if his finger had a mind of its own it slipped inside. It was only the tip but the drooling old man was becoming overwhelmed with every natural lust fuelled urge now surging through his trembling body. 

Again he froze as he was sure he heard Mandy sigh, he couldn't be sure as he sat there without moving an inch not sure how he would explain things if she woke up with his finger still just inside her. Then unbelievably the pretty blond gave her ass a teasing little wiggle and slipped her tightly gripping pussy a little further down his finger. 

Again Mandy was in a dream like state although she was more conscious than before. All she knew was she was feeling incredibly horny and the old mans exploring finger was only making her more so. Still she was dreaming but now she was in Mr Grimshaw's flat and not the furniture shop, reality and dream seemed to be becoming more and more blurred but it didn't seem to matter, all she knew was she was enjoying it.
The old man gulped as he wiggled his finger slowly inside her pushing it in a little deeper as he did. Again the 70 plus year old man sighed as he felt the wonderful tightness of this lovely 20 year old pussy. He could see she was enjoying it as she began to rock her ass gently back and forth impaling herself further onto his bony digit. 

"Oh G...G...Go...God," he whispered to himself as he watched the beauty getting herself clearly more and more turned on. But what should he do? His cock was so hard and he could already feel leakage from its throbbing tip. He couldn't resist unzipping his trousers and releasing himself once again with his free hand as his finger felt its way deeper inside her. 

Mandy was getting so excited and as a dreamy orgasm began to build she slowly started to become more aware of what was going on around her. Old Mr Grimshaw now pushed his finger all the way inside her causing her to let out a quiet moan as he now took his pulsating great erection in his other hand and slowly began to massage it? His mind was going into overdrive as he contemplated the chances of getting away with replacing his finger with his cock. The temptation was unbearable, when would he ever get another chance like this? But he knew he couldn't do it, he would never get away with it as it was so big and he just knew he would never be able to force it in there without her knowing. As tempting as it was he knew what that meant if she woke up, it was crossing the line, a line that could see him in all sorts of very serious trouble. 

Realising again he was only prolonging his own torture he slowly retracted his finger from inside her. As it slipped out he watched her pussy lips gently close as a little fluid trickled from it running down over a perfectly formed ass cheek. Of course the pervert in him was in control and he brought his finger up to his nose for a sniff. It smelled so good and as he went to lick it Mandy suddenly let out what can only be described as a moan of disappointment. Again the old man froze as this time Mandy opened her eyes and looked straight at him. Terrified of what was about to happen he was surprised to see her give him the look of a sulky petulant teenager who wasn't getting her own way. He didn't know what to do or say, he just waited still panic stricken for her to say something. As he watched her he realised she was confused and possibly still dreaming. Then slowly her expression changed from one of wanton disappointment to a look of horrified realisation of what was actually happening. Expecting the worse and full of mortifying embarrassment the old man did what anyone else would, he grabbed his walking stick and struggled to his feet before hobbling off for the nearest exit. 

"S...s...s.s.sorry, s...so...s...s..sorry," he stammered as he vanished through his bedroom door closing it behind him.

Unsure what to do Mandy straightened her clothing and tried to get her head around what must have just happened. But rather than being angry or even annoyed at the old man she too felt embarrassed, partly for herself but more for him. Knowing she had been enjoying what had happened, albeit subconsciously, she actually felt sorry for old Mr Grimshaw. The truth was she didn't know what had happened but knowing how her dream had left her feeling she was fairly sure she must have somehow encouraged him, after all she may have been a little drunk but she knew him and knew he wasn't like that.

"Oh my God," she whispered to herself, "poor Mr Grimshaw, what must he think of me?" 

Still in a minor drunken state Mandy decided it would be best if she just took herself off back to her own flat. She was still confused and unsure of the time as she climbed into her lovely new bed. It felt like she had been asleep for ages but in all honesty it could have been just a few minutes. The pretty blond was feeling less intoxicated and able to evaluate events a little better in her mind. Still she concluded that with Mr Grimshaw and his often confused state of mind she had to take her share of responsibility for what had happened. If anything she felt terrible after all he had done for her with the money and everything. 

There was one other thing playing on her mind too. Ever since the episode at the hands of the furniture store owner she hated to admit it but she had been left feeling incredibly horny, and now after this she felt even more so. In fact the thought of Mr Grimshaw's surprisingly huge cock and the thought that it was probably all hard and throbbing right now had her squeezing her thighs together in an attempt to control her frustrated state. She may have still been a little tipsy, but one thing was for sure she was feeling even hornier than ever and it was getting the better of her. 

Meanwhile the old man had hurriedly got changed into his old striped pyjama trousers and as now cowering in his bed. His mind was working overtime and he quickly figured the only hope he had was that she was so drunk she hadn't realised what was happening. If not then he would have to fall back on his tried and tested "confused state of mind".

Not knowing that Mandy had left and was now sleeping soundly in her own bed a worried Mr Grimshaw took some time to drift off to sleep only to awake several times through the night. Each time he did he instantly thought of what had happened and the frustrated old boy couldn't resist stroking his semi erect cock to full hardness. He was so turned on by events and being in his seventies he was he was able fairly well to control himself and bringing his swollen old balls to the brink was something the dirty old bugger loved to do. With what he had seen and done still fresh in his mind he seemed to spend most of the night keeping his old pecker as stiff as a board not wanting to blow his load off just yet. 

The following morning Mandy awoke quite early feeling a strange mix of emotions. Still feeling extremely horny she considered doing something she rarely had to do and you would think a girl like her should never have to do...play with herself until she reached a much needed orgasm. However she was still also feeling embarrassed by everything and knowing she had to get ready for work she decided to leave it in the hope that her urges might subside. 

Having showered and blow dried her gorgeous blond hair the pretty 20 year old applied a very subtle amount of makeup before starting to get dressed. Being the girl she was she firstly picked out a pretty pale cream lace bra and panties set. As always she admired the way the 34GG lace cups showed off her phenomenal swollen cleavage before complementing the set with a matching suspender belt. To it she clipped her favourite champagne coloured stockings with pretty lace design around the tops. Again she admired herself in the mirror and couldn't help wondering what old Mr Grimshaw across the hall would make of that! 

Fetching her white blouse she slipped it on and started to button it up. Tailored in nice and narrow at the waste the buttons were tight where it pulled around the outward curve of her hips and bum and even tighter across the chest due to the force of those spectacularly huge jugs! 

Just as she was about to get her skirt there was a sudden loud banging on the door. Mandy almost jumped out of her skin and unsure what to do it banged again only this time even mor frantically. Thinking there was some sort of emergency the half dressed girl went to the door and opened it just enough to pop her head around. 

She was surprised to see Mr Grimshaw's miserable old daughter-in-law, the one that roped her into having to check on him every day. 

"Okay, where is it?" She barked.

"W...where is what?" A rather stunned Mandy replied.

"You know full well what! Don't play games with me!"

Mandy was completely confused, what was she talking about? Again she asked, "Where is what?" 

With this the old woman seemed to get more angry that ever. "The money! The money! I know you've taken it!" 

What ensued was a tirade of abuse and insults from the grumpy old bag as she went on to explain how she knew there was money missing from his bedside drawer and she had to be the one that took it. 

Mandy quickly realised it must be the money that the old man gave her to pay off her debt. The money grabbing relative must know exactly what the poor old man had and her reaction to the fact that some was missing clearly rattled her.

Still the pretty blond said she didn't know what she was talking about deciding that the best course of action was to plead complete ignorance of the matter. Mandy was obviously worried but as the woman carried on she became more and more annoyed and after another few minutes she told the woman if she didn't stop accusing her and shouting at her then she would call the police. Of course that got an even more angry reaction with the woman telling her if she found she had taken it then it would be her calling the police! 

Realising it was something of a stalemate the horrible woman stormed off and as Mandy closed her door she could hear the woman shouting that she hadn't heard the last of this! 

Left in a state of shock at what had just happened, something the woman had a knack of doing to her, Mandy took a moment go gather her thoughts and catch her breath. Then in an instant with an overwhelming need to know what it was all about she grabbed the key to the old mans flat and rushed across the hall to find out. 

As she entered she called out for the old man but he was nowhere to be seen. Meanwhile in the bedroom he heard her come in and in anticipation of what may come he just froze. Afraid of what she may have to say about last night any thoughts of what had just happened with his daughter-in-law went from his mind. He had prepared himself to pretend he knew nothing of what had happened, playing on his "confused mental state" he hoped that she would understand and not be angry at him. 

Of course in reality he was worrying about nothing as in a state of panic Mandy quickly went to his bedroom where she found him sitting on the edge of his bed in nothing more than his old striped pyjama trousers with his head in his hands. Thinking he was upset she looked around the room and was horrified to see all the drawers in the room pulled out on the floor and the wardrobe doors open with the contents hanging out and on the floor. 

"Oh no," she exclaimed, "are you alright? What has that woman done?" 

Mandy went on to say how she had been verbally assaulted by his daughter-in-law but rather than thinking about herself her first thought was to make sure he was okay. 

The poor old man quickly realised what was going on and cleverly taking advantage of the situation he knew his best course of action was to appear sad and upset by what had just happened as without looking up he stuttered' "s...s...s...sorry...a...about that." 

Instantly the sweet loving girls heart went out to him and she went over and placed a hand on his shoulder telling him not to worry. Then looking up he was about to tell her what had happened when he was stunned into silence by the heart stopping sight that greeted him. Mandy suddenly realised she still hadn't put her skirt on and was standing there in just her straining white blouse stockings and suspenders. In the grand scheme of things it didn't seem that important as she went on to ask him again if he was alright and what had happened. 

Composing himself the trembling feeble old man told her not to worry and reassured the stunning busty blond that she would be fine. It took him a few minutes to stutter and stammer his words out but he eventually explained that he had told his daughter-in-law that he had used the money for something else and when she insisted on knowing what he he had spent it on he told her to mind her own business...and apparently that was when she flew off the handle. 

Mandy went on to tell him she had threatened to get the police involved to which the old man again reassured her not to worry as if she did then he would simply tell them that no money was missing and that would be that! 

Mandy was so relieved but could see him visibly shaking and so she went over and standing in front of him placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. The old man couldn't believe it as she stood so close that those huge tits were just inches before his eyes. Any thoughts about his miserable bitch of a daughter-in-law went out the window as he began to salivate at the sight of them so close yet so far. Seizing the opportunity and with last night still foremost in his mind the crafty old codger feigned a few tears in order to gain a little sympathy from her. 

Of course being a kind hearted soul Mandy was instantly suckered in by it and reaching behind him she plumped up a couple of pillows up and told him to lay back on the bed. As he did she looked at his naked torso, he looked so unwell, his ribs stuck out and his straggly unkempt grey beard seemed to grow in patches over his gaunt face and scrawny neck. With his mouth void of most of his teeth he really wasn't an attractive sight, but Mandy didn't care she just felt so sorry for him. 

As for him, the sight he was treated to was just about as far to the opposite extreme as it was possible to be. He couldn't help himself from making the most of it and blatantly drinking in the vision of mouth watering beauty before him. He had seen her wearing these tight blouses many times before but still it blew his mind. The sight of those huge tits of hers desperately trying to bust out was just the most incredible sight to behold. But now seeing it stretched so short and tight around her ridiculously curvaceous hips with her pretty lace panties peeking out underneath increased his already unbearable frustration ten fold. As if that wasn't enough he now had to contend with something he couldn't have dared dream of, the unbelievable sight of those beautiful firm young thighs of hers in stockings and suspenders, nothing could have prepared him for that. He had never seen a sexier sight, not in his entire life, she looked like every dream and fantasy he had ever dared have come true. 

As he lay there looking at her Mandy couldn't help noticing something move in his pyjama trousers. She of course knew instantly what it was and realised the way she was dressed meant she was obviously to blame. But she didn't mind, she now felt she owed him so much, he had been nothing but kind and so she felt if he enjoyed seeing her like this then it was fine with her. 

As she went on to thank him for not telling the old woman what he had really used the money for she reached out to gently stroke his cheek with the back of her hand. He seemed to be sweating and from the corner of her eye she saw the bulge in his pyjama trousers move even more, this time it noticeably grew as it lifted the loose fitting material up in the air like a raising flagpole. 

She could sense his excitement, it was almost tangible in the air around her. Another look at his face face told her all she needed to know, his eyes were bulging and beads of sweat formed on his forehead as he surprisingly seemed to unashamedly look her over. Just then she watched as the "flagpole" in his pyjamas moved further, it was clearly still growing as it now pointed up at an angle that experience told her meant he now had to have a full blown erection. After all he had done for her she still didn't mind, if anything the way she had been feeling for the last day or so she had to reluctantly admit that she was a little turned on by the effect she was having on him. She still didn't fully understand why she enjoyed it, after all he was a pathetic frail and quite frankly ugly old man that no woman would think of in this way...so why did she? . 

With all this going through her mind she reluctantly felt that all too familiar tingle between her legs, well really she had been feeling it since last night so it was completely surprising. Then she said something that surprised even her.

"You poor thing, I can't leave you like this," she said, "I'll go into work a bit later today."

He was about to tell her not to be so silly when he was suddenly stopped dead in his tracks. Mandy went on to ask him to move over a little, surely she wasn't going to climb in next to him...was she? 

He just watched in stunned disbelief as she went on to say, "I don't want to crease this up do I," as one by one she began to release the buttons of that straining blouse. Slowly each one gave way to the unstoppable force from within. He just watched in stunned awe as her beautiful lace half cupped bra emerged before his eyes full to bursting with those massive mouth watering tits of hers! 

Mandy said how she wanted to just give him a hug as she climbed onto the bed beside him. The old man couldn't believe it, the sight of this beautiful busty young blond in what can only be described as top class glamour model underwear was like nothing he had ever seen before. He didn't know how long he was going to able to control himself as she snuggled up next to him those lovely huge boobs squashing against his frail bony torso. 

Without really realising it Mandy was now in full teasing mode, she just couldn't help herself. Obviously she didn't find the old man attractive, in fact she found him quite repulsive to look at. It was just the sight of that huge erection in his tatty old pyjama bottoms together with the thought of just how incredibly frustrated the poor old boy must be and it was all down to her. The thrill in knowing that she held all the power, and the wondering what it would mean to him if she granted what was undoubtedly his greatest wish made it impossible not to indulge in what was fast becoming her favourite pastime. 

Drawing one of her legs across his and resting a hand on his chest Mandy leaned in and softly kissed him on his now sweaty forehead. The old man didn't know what to do as she rested her head next to his on the pillow. 

"You're so kind," Mandy said as she brought her hand up and lightly caressed his chest, "I just don't know how I could ever thank you for everything you've done for me." 

The old man was about to tell her how it really wasn't anything but as he stuttered and stammered he suddenly froze as the pretty young girls caressing fingers worked their way lower and we're now lightly circling his tummy. He gasped every time her fingertips brushed within an inch of his pyjama trousers. Her touch was so delicate and sensual it was all he could do to stop himself grabbing her hand and shoving it down there.

Mandy knew exactly what she was doing and smiled as she rested her head on his chest looking down at the way that disproportionately huge bulge was twitching up and down as if it had a mind of its own.

For his part Mr Grimshaw was confused by what was happening but as he looked down at her head resting on his chest he couldn't resist placing his hand gently on it and stroking that lovely soft blond hair of hers. He didn't know where if anywhere this was all leading but with her not even flinching as his bony old fingers ran through it he was certainly getting more hopeful by the second. Then she said it, she didn't know why, it just came from nowhere, but she had said it.

"Oh my Mr Grimshaw! What's that?" She said sounding somewhat shocked, "S...surely not your, erm, you know...your thingy!" 

The old man just coughed and spluttered unsure how to answer such a question. He wasn't totally buying the whole innocent little girl act, but having said that he was more than happy to play along. 

"W...wh...what? Oh th...th...th...that! Well erm, I...erm, I m...mean erm...w...well it erm, I erm...I, well y...y...ye...ye...y..yes it erm, it is." He answered clearly rather embarrassed. 

Mandy was now loving seeing what she was doing to him, so much so that her own frustration was increasing by the minute. "Huh! Really!" She exclaimed as she lifted her head from his chest and moved closer for a look, "no way, b...but it's so big!"
Still burdened with the added frustration brought on by the previous evening, a frustration that he hadn't yet even attempted to relieve himself of, he was now being pushed over the edge! Seeing the gorgeous 20 year old in that ridiculously beautiful and sexy underwear, having her cuddle up so close with those huge tits pressing against him, her teasingly caressing fingers, and now on top of all that she's seemingly taking an interest in the size of his cock, what was an old man like him to do? Surely a girl like her wouldn't be interested in a crusty old fossil like him, would she? 

He needn't have worried, the lovely young thing was about to answer that question for him.

"Oh my goodness!" She exclaimed. Then came the words he wanted to hear more than anything on earth. " M...may I?" She softly said as her hand hovered tentatively over it. 

The unbelievably frustrated Mr Grimshaw nearly choked, had he heard her right? Surely not! But before he could answer Mandy lightly placed her hand on the huge throbbing lump before gently feeling her way up its length through his cotton pyjamas. She even giggled as it jerked up and down under her light touch. 

The old man lay there frozen to the spot as Mandy enjoyed teasing his frustrated old tool spending a few minutes watching it jerk and twitch as she barely did any more than touch it with the tips of her fingers. Water filled the old mans eyes as she carefully hooked a finger under the elastic waistband of his pyjamas and slowly lifted it up and pulled it part way down his thighs revealing his monster cock in all its glory. She gasped as she took a moment to just stare at it, it was easily a foot long and with a girth that she knew she would struggle to wrap her fingers fully around. 

Now the old mans looks repulsed her quite a bit, but she knew deep down with her feeling the way she did this huge deeply ridged erection with bulging veins and a large throbbing purple head was exactly what she needed. 

Without a word she knelt up beside him and tugged his trousers down his legs, his cock sprang out waving around like a flagpole as he followed her lead and kicked them from his feet. As she looked at him she noticed the almost pleading look of longing in his watery old eyes. She knew at that moment that she really wanted to give him the gift of a lifetime, not only because she felt so sorry for him and wanted to do something nice for him, but also because she was struggling to control the urges that she reluctantly had to admit were welling up inside her.

The old man just lay here admiring the vision of loveliness before him, he daren't say a word, he just drank in the sight of that pretty lace bra straining under the force of those mind blowing young tits of hers. 

Mandy looked down at his pulsating cock and heard the old man gasp for breath as she gently ran her fingertip slowly along its hard deeply ridged length. When she reached the sensitive tip the whole thing flexed and jerked as she lightly circled it before slowly taking her hand away. "I've never seen one so big," she said in amazement as she again chewed coyly on her bottom lip while staring wide eyed at it, God she was good! Then she decided to wind him up even more as she pretended to suddenly realise what she was doing and apologised for presuming to touch him in such a way. 

The old man nearly choked, "n...no it...it's fine, r...re...really," he blurted out clearly desperate for her to carry on with her teasing little game. This was exactly the reaction the lovely naughty girl was after. 

"No, no I shouldn't," she replied, "it isn't fair of me...especially dressed like this." As she spoke she arched her back inwards thrusting her chest out even more than it already was demonstrating, as if it were needed, the way she looked. "Oh, and I forgot," she went on as she looked down herself, "I was getting ready for work when all this kicked off, that's why I'm wearing stockings and suspenders," she said as she slowly rubbed her hands along the tops of her thighs. " I always like to feel nice and feminine when I go to work...sorry it isn't something I've done to deliberately tease you," she said knowing full well that's exactly what she was doing.

Then looking down at his frail bony torso she suggested that maybe she could help him relax and take his mind off things by giving him a nice little massage. No sooner had she spoke than within a moment she had straddled his ailing body and carefully made herself comfortable by resting her panty covered pussy directly on his throbbing erection. 

It was all becoming too much for him, he hadn't even touched her but already he could feel the churning deep within his old balls as he struggled to hold back the building pressure. He looked down to see the one eyed beast poking out from underneath her looking straight at him. The gaping pee slit and swollen purple head seemed to be almost pleading with him to do something to end this torture. Sitting upright and reaching out the gorgeous busty blond lightly massaged his sunken old chest. As she did she pretended to be blissfully unaware of what she was doing...although she couldn't help the growing feeling of excitement at having this thing pressing against the mound of her ever moistening pussy.

As she slowly massaged him the old man couldn't believe what was happening, he had no way of knowing what was on her mind but she had to feel it surely! With just the soft silken gusset of her pretty lace panties between them there was no way she wasn't feeling what he was. His excitement was building to an almost desperate state, what should he do? It felt so good as she delicately rubbed his bony old chest, all the while gently and very subtly rocking back and forth against his throbbing great erection. 

Mandy thought she was in full control, especially when she felt how solid his hardness was as it pulsated under her. But even she hadn't anticipated just how excited he was...

"Does that feel nice?" She sighed obviously pretending to be talking about the chest massage.

"Oh y...yes, yes," he replied as he just marvelled with his drooling mouth hanging open at the sight of this huge busted stocking clad young beauty astride him. As she continued to gently massage his marble white chest she brought her arms in either side of her mouth watering boobs causing them to swell even more from her delicate 34GG lace bra. He was desperate to touch her, he wanted to run his hands along those gorgeous stocking coated thighs, grab that oh so cheeky firm young ass, but most of all get his hands on those incredibly huge young tits and just squeeze the living daylights out of them! But as would be the case with most spineless weak people with next to no experience with the opposite sex the reality of being in such a position as this was so unbelievable that he was simply too scared to push his luck...no matter how much he desperately wanted to. 

Getting lost in the moment Mandy continued with her gently rocking back and forth against his manhood, and although fully aware of what she was doing she had no idea just how close to the edge she was pushing him.

The old man couldn't control himself, she had to know what she was doing, was it all a game? Was she just teasing him? Whatever the answer it was all too much and the sex starved old boy rested his bony hands on top of her thighs. He couldn't believe it there came no resistance from Mandy and so unable to help himself he ran his hands along them until he was fingering the delicate frills on those pretty lace suspenders. God she felt so good, too good in fact! The poor old mans unbelievable frustration was reaching boiling point, a point that he would be unable to return from. 

Looking down he could see his fingers were just inches from touching her panties, and oh what lovely sexy little lace panties they were. To see her panty covered pussy nestling against his raging erection was more than a dream come true, how was this happening? The thrill was all too much especially when he was sure he heard Mandy fail to stifle a quiet groan as she seemed to be gradually pressing herself harder against him. 

With the busty young blond surprising even herself at just how turned on she was it was becoming increasingly more difficult to hide it from the ancient feeble old man. That was it, despite his efforts in self control the old man could take it no more. The feel of her soft warm panty covered pussy against his huge throbbing hard-on was in itself too much, so to be also feasting his hungry old eyes on all that was happening before his eyes left him unable to control himself any longer. He had no choice as his balls all too suddenly and almost without warning reached the point of no return and began to release their huge overbearing load. 

At the same time Mandy looked down as in her own frustrated state she seriously considered taking the bull by the horns and just grabbing this old mans incredible penis and inserting it straight inside her now soaking pussy. Just as the thought went through her mind she saw the old mans face grimace as if in pain. His mouth opened as if crying out but there was no sound just a huge exhale of breath. The lovely blond momentarily panicked, he looked as if he was having a heart attack or seizure or something. In that instant she hurriedly climbed off him unsure what to do. She watched as his whole body writhed and spasmed. Then suddenly before she could do anything she realised what was happening. His hands grabbed at the sheet he was laying on and scrunched it up tightly as his throbbing erection violently jerked up and down all on it's own. She then watched in amazement as a huge length of thick spunk erupted from his pulsating purple head and landed across his chest quickly followed by another then another. 

Instinctively he thrust his hips upwards over and over, each time another thick white rope launched across his stomach leaving four, five, six, trails of spunk reaching as far as the top of his chest. Whatever satisfaction Mandy was hoping for she realised she had left it too late! 

In an instant it was over as quickly as it started and full of embarrassment the poor old boy frantically tried to catch his breath as he instantly began to apologise. Mandy could see the state he was in and so being the kind soul she was told him not to worry, how it was just an accident and it could have happened to anyone. Inside however the busty blond was not pleased at being left yet again in such a state of frustration...if only he had known what she really wanted.

The sweet girl went and got a towel from the bathroom to mop up the mess that, to be fair, she had created. On her return she was surprised to see the scrawny old man laying there with his mouth hanging open snoring, in the time it had taken to get the towel he had fallen asleep! 

Being kind as always Mandy wiped what turned out to be a rather huge quantity of sticky white semen from the old mans body and threw the towel into the corner of the room. Taking one last look at his softening tool laying heavy across his bony old thigh Mandy sighed and leaving the old man alone went back to her own flat...

...Slightly confused and unsure of how long he had been asleep old Mr Grimshaw began to stir. Opening his eyes he stared at the ceiling recounting what had happened completely unaware of how long he had been sleeping. As he remembered the sight of Mandy astride him he couldn't help wondering if it had really happened or if it was all a very vivid dream, either way he instinctively reached down for his already awakening cock. With a smile on his face he pictured the unbelievable sight of the beautiful busty blond in her underwear as he slowly massaged himself until he was very soon raising a full blown erection. Although he had ejaculated an absolute sack full before drifting off to sleep the realisation that what he was remembering really did happen was having the desired effect. Having cum without any physical contact at the critical moment, although impressive, had left him surprisingly still un-satisfied. Soon he was stroking himself at full hardness as he imagined Mandy was still with him, her hand rather than his own wrapped firmly around his thick rigid tool.

Then, as his pace quickened and his heart beat faster for some reason he suddenly wondered where the busty young beauty had gone. Realising she may still be around he stopped what he was doing and listened intently to see if he could hear her in the other room. Climbing from his bed and slipping his feet into his moth-eaten old tartan slippers the old man grabbed his walking stick and went to see if she was still in his flat. Thinking she must have gone the old codger wandered completely naked except for his slippers through to the living room where he slumped himself down on the sofa. With his mind still spinning with thoughts of Mandy he looked down and smiled at his still erect cock pointing up at him. Closing his eyes he again pictured the huge breasted beauty as he again wrapped his bony old fingers around it and, resting his head back, he muttered her name as he began to stroke it up and down. 

As his pace again quickened he once again imagined the lovely girl astride him. His mind was still in a whirl as he pumped himself faster and faster growing more and more excited as he did. Then suddenly he heard something, it was his front door opening. Realising what an embarrassing position he was in the old man panicked as he quickly grabbed a cushion from beside him and thrust it into his lap. 

It was Mandy! The old man was surprised to see her, he had assumed she must have gone off to work, but even more surprising was that she was still in her underwear looking exactly as she did when he last saw her. It turned out that he hadn't been asleep for very long at all, in fact it was only enough time for Mandy to go back to her flat and make herself a cup of tea. It was then she realised she had left her blouse behind and so thinking he would probably still be asleep she popped back over to collect it so she could think about getting ready for work. In truth however she had more or less decided it was hardly worth going in now and was probably going to give it a miss for anyway. 

Mr Grimshaw just sat there stuttering and stammering not really knowing what to say. For her part Mandy was surprised to see him awake already not to mention sitting there still completely naked. Still he couldn't quite believe his eyes, here she was again in her pretty lace underwear looking like a stocking-clad glamour model seemingly happy for him to see her this way. Didn't she know what was going through his mind? What she was doing to him? Surely she must.

Mandy didn't know what to say as she went through to the bedroom to collect her blouse. The old codger just stared in complete awe at her huge bra busting boobs gently bouncing in that exquisitely delicate looking bra. He could feel himself begin to salivate as she walked across the room in front of him. Taking the opportunity to have a good look as she went through to the bedroom he watched the way that incredibly cheeky young ass swayed with every step she took, her pretty little lace panties emerging from between those perfectly shaped cheeks. 

As she collected her blouse Mandy couldn't believe that Mr Grimshaw was hard again! Still suffering her own frustration she knew this was a chance to tease the poor long suffering old boy some more.

As she re-entered the room she could see he was unable to take his eyes off her...and who could blame him. 

"Are you okay? You seem a bit flustered," she said as she lay her blouse over the back of one of his dining chairs and went over to him. "Ooh!" She went on pretending to have only just noticed his erection. "I...I'm sorry, would you like me to leave you in peace so you can sort yourself out?" 

"N...n...no!" He quickly replied, "I...I mean it's okay, y...you're right I...I'm just a bit f...f...flustered." 

"Oh you poor thing," Mandy replied sweetly, "here I'll just get you a drink of water." 

Again the old man had to suffer the torment of watching the huge breasted young blond walk through to the kitchen. His heart was pounding like it never had before, he had no idea how this was all happening, all he did know was the cock teasing lovely was literally driving him crazy. 

"Don't be embarrassed," she shouted from the kitchen as she filled his glass, "I know it's what men do...I'm not insulted, if anything," she went on as she returned with his drink, "I suppose I should be flattered." 

Had she really just said that? He couldn't believe what his ears, her new level of openness had him growing in confidence. Why was she doing this? Was she enjoying teasing him mercilessly? Or was it more? Was she actually coming on to him? Surely not, the old man might have been a big forgetful in his old age but he wasn't stupid, how would a stunning young girl like that be even remotely interested in him? 

Mandy looked down at Mr Grimshaw sitting there naked all but for his tatty old slippers looking like a bag of old bones. He really wasn't a pretty sight. But she couldn't help but be tempted by that ridiculously huge hard cock that looked like it belonged to someone twice his size and half his age, she couldn't get out of her head the wonder of what it would feel like inside her. But as always the even greater turn on for the teasing minx was knowing beyond any doubt that the sex starved old pervert would give absolutely anything to get his filthy hands on her.

Enjoying the tease Mandy carried on, she knew she had to push things a little to get a response from the shy bumbling old boy. "Is there anything I can do? Y...you know, to help." As she spoke Mandy turned her back to him and placed the glass of water on the dining table.

The old man was shocked! Did she just say what he thought she said? With every cell of his ageing body screaming at him he grabbed his stick and got shakily to his feet. Still she stood there with her back to him, she hadn't moved, it was as if she was waiting for something, but what? Him? 

She was just too tempting, that curvy firm young body was everything he had ever wanted, he had spent his life dreaming and fantasising over girls like this, girls he knew he could never have. With his mouth watering he looked at her, he couldn't resist, he just had to, and so with all the confidence he could muster the old man took a deep breath and stepping up closer to her he tentatively placed a hand around her waist. 

She did nothing, was she happy for him to touch her? "Oh please God let it be so!" He thought. Taking the chance he reached with his fingers and felt her slender stomach so tight with the firmness of youth. She felt so good, her skin was smoother than the smoothest silk. 

"Well, th...there is one th...thing..." He managed to say.

"Hey!" Mandy replied playfully, "you naughty old bugger." 

He knew she was playing from the tone of her voice and the fact that she hadn't moved as his fingers felt their way nervously along her pretty lace suspender belt. This was it, he had to take this once in a lifetime opportunity, he would regret it for the rest of his days if he didn't. 

So standing just behind her he looked down at that mouth watering ass, the torment was unbearable. His head was in a spin as his bony old hand slowly crept across the dip of her lower back before moving slowly down the outward thrusting slope of her cheeky bottom. Still she said nothing as he felt those lovely lace panties emerging from between her buttocks, he was so excited had to do it he just had to. His eyes rolled back in his head and he let out a quiet groan as he slipped his hand over one of those perfectly rounded cheeks. No longer caring if she wanted him to or not he spread his fingers wide and grabbed a good handful as he finally squeezed that gorgeous ass that he had been drooling over for weeks.
"Ooh you dirty old man," she said with a playful glint in her eye, she was clearly teasing him. Then she said something he never in his wildest dreams thought he would hear. "You carry on..." 

"W...w...w...what?"

"Feel free, I don't mind, especially after you've been so kind to me." Mandy knew she would have to almost spell it out to him, and so she went on. "A...actually, I...I hope you don't mind me saying, but I've, well, I've always found the idea of being groped by a dirty old man quite a turn on." As she spoke she arched her back and thrust her ass out even more just to drive the message home.

At last he got it, he understood what her game was, it was clear what she wanted...and he was more than willing to play. No more shyness worrying what she might think, if she wanted to be groped by a dirty old man then he was more than willing to oblige. 

"R...really?" He whispered in her ear, any inhibitions he may have had now vanished to the back of his mind as his hand roamed all over her lovely firm young bum squeezing first one cheek then the other. She felt so good, so lovely and firm, just how he had always imagined...and he had imagined it so many times. Not only Mandy but many others, a lifetime of fantasising over girls like her, girls he knew he could never have. Although he couldn't remember anyone who compared to this utterly beautiful and sexy young thing. 

Mandy liked the feeling she was getting, the way she was feeling she would probably let the dirty old sod use her any way he wanted, but she would draw the line at kissing him on the lips...he was just too unclean old and ugly for that. 

Mandy glanced coyly at him as she asked seductively, "are you enjoying that?"

Without hesitation he answered. "Yes, yes, ooh God yes..."

Placing his walking stick against the table the old man stepped up even closer beside her and placed his other hand on her firm toned belly. Slowly he felt his way across it reaching his fingers down toying with the pretty lace trim of her panties as he did. Although Mandy found his creeping old hands strangely exciting she wasn't so turned on by the he stench of his stale breath as his face came closer to hers. 

His excitement was clearly growing, he was going to make the absolute most of this as his bum groping hand roamed all over her lovely firm cheeks and stocking clad thighs. Every so often his middle finger would probe lower between her cheeks clearly edging closer each time to her panty covered pussy. 

Mandy offered no objection as he finally pressed his bony nicotine stained finger into the rather silky gusset of her panties, this was the green light he needed. He couldn't believe it, as he squirmed his finger against her he was surprised to feel her panties were actually quite moist. With his mouth watering and his erection now as stiff as a board he pressed his finger deeper and she let out a quiet moan before whispering, "ooh you dirty bastard."

Breathing heavily in her ear and dribbling over her shoulder he knew she was there for the taking, never would he have believed it, but it was really happening. This was it, he wanted it all and looking down at those irresistible 34GG bra busting knockers thrusting out before her he couldn't hold back. 

"Oh God! Oh God yes!" He groaned, "I am a dirty old bastard." Licking his lips and with eyes bulging from their sockets his other hand felt it's way up her firm toned stomach. Mandy didn't move she just stood there as his fingers crept over the pretty lace cup holding firm her right tit. "Oh my goodness," he whispered as at long last his hand came to rest on the huge thing and he spread his fingers as wide as he could. His eyes again rolled back in his head and he groaned loudly as he began to squeeze. "Ooh so big, so lovely and big," he went on as he sank his fingers into it. He couldn't believe it, nothing had prepared him for just how incredibly full it was, it felt like nothing on earth. He knew the beautiful blond girl was only 20 years old, and he knew those tits were big, but still he didn't expect them to be this firm. 

With all of this new found vocalisation coming from the old boy Mandy realised something, he didn't seem to be stuttering all of a sudden. For a moment she wondered if it was a miracle cure or had he been faking it all this time? To be honest she was desperate and had been waiting so long now for satisfaction that it didn't really matter, all she truly wanted was to feel that impressively huge hard length of gristle waving around in front of him forcing its way into her soaking pussy.

Mr Grimshaw was in absolute heaven as he brought his other hand up from her bum and reached through under her arm and grabbed the other one. Still Mandy said nothing as he now mauled and groped her huge firm young breasts through the fine lacy cups of her expensive bra. His cock was now throbbing against her thigh as he spent the next few minutes just molesting those gorgeous tits, squeezing and mauling them all over still not quite able to believe what a true natural wonder they were.

He was becoming more and more desperate and now confident he was free to do whatever he wanted he reached down and slowly slipped his creepy old fingers into the front of her pretty lace panties. 

"Hey!" Mandy said teasingly. 

The old man just smiled as he felt his way through her soft downy pubes until he was cupping her mound. He looked up to see her closing her eyes as his middle finger began to worm its way inside her. "God you're wet," he whispered sounding more and more like a dirty old pervert as he nuzzled her ear through her lovely soft blond hair. Mandy just bit on her bottom lip as he slowly pushed his finger deeper and deeper inside her tight wet pussy. Not wanting to risk her changing her mind he quickly began to work it around and in and out getting her wetter and wetter as he did. With his other hand still mauling her huge breasts he kissed her sweetly scented neck as he used his finger to explore her inner most depths.

Mandy was now needing the satisfaction she had been craving more than ever. He may have been a crusty and scrawny old man close to the end of his days but she could ignore that if it meant getting that cock of his inside her. 

Old Mr Grimshaw became momentarily worried as she removed his groping hands from her body and took one step closer to the table. But he needn't have worried at all, he watched in amazement as she spread her feet slightly and slowly leant across the table. As she deliberately raised her ass invitingly in the air he couldn't believe his eyes. Seeing those parted legs of hers in those champagne stockings and her incredible ass framed by her pretty lace suspenders was one thing, but the sight of that thin strip of cream silk and lace that covered her pussy was something else. She looked like a top shelf glamour model in a pose that he had seen in the many adult magazines that he had made good use of over the years, 

The drooling old pervert seemed to be in a trance as he crouched down behind her his knees creaking and groaning as he did. He couldn't resist the beautiful vision before him as he placed his hands over her perfectly rounded cheeks and parting them slightly extended his drooling tongue and slowly ran along the narrow strip of silk and lace. His cock now felt like it might burst wide open as he pushed his face into her. 

Mandy gasped loudly, she could feel his nose pressing into her ass and his mouth slobbering all over her panty gusset. With increased desperation the old man roughly massaged her lovely tight ass cheeks as he breathed in deeply drawing in her feminine scent while he licked, sucked and chewed on her panties. Mandy was now becoming desperate as she pushed her ass back against his face and began to rotate it against him. 

The old man couldn't believe what was happening as this continued for several minutes. With his his excitement virtually off the scale and his face wet with her juices he backed away and watched as he peeled her panties slowly off and slipped them down her thighs. "Oh my God," he sighed as he found himself staring straight into her beautiful sweet young pussy, her lips glistening in the light as it actually pulsated before him, never did anything look more inviting. He couldn't wait a moment longer, this had to be what she wanted, and if it wasn't then it was just too bad. He stood up straight behind her his creaking old legs struggling a little, but with the adrenalin pumping through his veins he found a hidden strength he didn't know he had.

Mandy waited in anticipation as she felt something hard and hot touch her pussy. Old Mr Grimshaw took the base of his throbbing erection in his hand and lined it up with its target. This was it, the moment he had dreamt so many times of, the moment any sane man would never believe possible. But it was really happening, and feeling completely overwhelmed tears welled in his eyes and he muttered, "oh my God, oh my God," over and over as he pushed forward. Gripping her ass in his bony old hands he again prised her cheeks apart as he now forced his swollen bell-end between those lovely tight wet pussy lips. 

It was the most incredible experience he could ever remember. As her juices eased what seemed an impossible feat he felt her tightness soon completely envelope his entire swollen purple head. Still he half expected her to tell him to stop, but didn't, she simply moaned as he slowly drove his rock solid cock deeper and deeper into her. For the old man the sight of it vanishing inside her was almost as thrilling as the incredible feeling of her tightly gripping pussy, it was a complete sensory overload. With his hands moving from her firm round buttocks along the sides of her slender little waist and back again he wallowed in the feeling of her incredible curves.

Drawing back he paused halfway before slowly driving himself back in all the way to the hilt. Mandy's fingers clawed at the tabletop and she let out a long sigh as the scrawny old man began to slowly pick up his pace as he thrust himself in and out of her. At last she was getting what she had been waiting for ever since her episode with the fat old store manager. As for Mr Grimshaw he was in absolute heaven. Her sweet tender pussy constricting every inch of his throbbing great cock felt out of this world as the old man began pounding into her harder and harder, all the while squeezing and groping that unbelievably gorgeous ass. 

"Mmmmmm," Mandy sighed, "that's one big cock!" 

The old man couldn't believe his ears, but he now knew, if there were ever any doubt, that she was into this as much as he was. Not only that but he watched in amazement as she began rotating those curvaceous hips and started rocking herself back and forth against him. He just stood there motionless in stunned silence as she slid herself up and down the near full length of his throbbing erection getting faster and faster. Soon her lovely ass was bouncing hard and fast against him, every few strokes she would push back as hard as she could and grind against him moaning as she did. 

Reaching forward he stroked her lovely soft blond hair, she was just too unbelievably gorgeous. He was so thankful that be had shot his load earlier, he knew it meant he could hold out for longer than he otherwise would. 

Mandy suddenly felt him grab a fistful of her hair and pull her back against him as hard as he could. "Ooh you dirty old bastard," she said as his cock dug deep inside her. 

Getting into the spirit of it all the old man let all his inhibitions go as he slapped her hard across the ass muttering, "ooh yeah, you love it!" 

Pulling her almost upright he reached around her and grabbed at those huge tits thrusting out before her. "Ooh fuck yeah, fuck they're so big, so fucking lovely and big!" He sounded like a completely different person, no stutter or stammer, no nervous shyness and using language she had never heard come from his mouth...this was the real Mr Grimshaw, the one that he had kept hidden deep within. Mandy wasn't complaining though, this was what she knew he had wanted all along, this was what she knew all men wanted.

After a few minutes of him groping her tits through her bra he grabbed at the strap in an attempt to get it off. But with his frail arthritic fingers unable to unfasten the clasp and struggling to catch his breath Mandy knew it was time to take charge from the increasingly frustrated old man.

Telling him to wait she pushed him back away from her, and as his erection popped out free of her firmly gripping pussy she turned to face him. With a hand against his wheezing bony old chest she guided him backwards towards the moth eaten old sofa behind him. Taking the hint and really too exhausted to do anything else the naked old man slumped down onto it and grabbing a few cushions to make himself comfortable as he did.

Mandy looked down at him, what a sight! His huge hard totem pole of a cock looked ridiculously big clinging vertically to the lily white bag of old bones that was his torso. But it didn't matter, she was too far gone and needed satisfaction! 

Mr Grimshaw watched in stunned silence as she kicked her panties from around her ankles and she spread those beautiful stocking covered thighs as she slowly straddled his lap. Reaching out he felt his way up and down them, his cock throbbing and twitching violently as he enjoyed the feel of her expensive lingerie. All he could do was just stare with his mouth open and saliva dribbling from the corners as she carefully eased herself onto his pulsating purple knob. Settling back into the tatty old sofa he was now able to relax and enjoy the sight of her slowly sinking down the full length of his shaft until he felt her cheeky bum come to rest against his ever tightening balls. 

"Mmmmmmm," Said Mandy as she squirmed on it. The walls of her soaked pussy flexed tightly around it as the old man was treated to the most spectacular sight yet. The busty young blond arched her back and reaching behind herself unhooked her bra. Giving him a teasing smile she ever so slowly allowed the straps to slip down her shoulders as she clung to the cups. She revelled in the sight of the wide eyed old man visibly shaking all over, his dribbling mouth trembling as it hung wide open. 

"Oh G...G...God, y...y...yes!" Was all he could muster as he watched her pretty lace bra cups fall away and her lovely huge naked tits appear before him. He couldn't believe what he was seeing, he had no idea such incredible natural perfection existed. He knew they were big but the way they thrust out so proud and firm was a true mouth watering wonder of nature. 

As if he wasn't excited enough Mandy wanted to tease him even more as she brought a hand up and closing her eyes began to squeeze and fondle one of them. Sinking her fingers in she moaned as she squashed it against herself before releasing it. The look on his face was an absolute picture as he watched the way the full firm thing just bounced back into shape. Feasting his eyes on her strawberry-like nipples thrusting out with a stiffness that gave away just how excited she was Mandy rotated her hips as she slowly rose herself up and down on him. 

What an unbelievable feast for an old mans eyes. Seeing such a slender firmly toned young thing with tits that defied the laws of nature sliding up and down on his throbbing great erection was absolutely mind blowing. Taking a moment to enjoy this spectacle he just watched as she gradually rode him faster and faster her huge tits gently rocking more and more as she did. 

Seeing his eyes bulging from his head Mandy leant forward slowly moving her tits ever closer to his face. The old man stuttered and stammered once again as he watched them swaying right before his eyes, she really knew what she was doing. Coyly she said, "do you like them? Y...you don't think they're too big do you?" She was of course teasing him without mercy.

"T...t...too b...big!" He couldn't believe his ears, "n...no, oh G...God n...no!" As he spoke the beautiful girl swayed them gently from side to side leaning in ever closer until her nipples brushed against the lips of his gaping mouth. He could wait no more, he was beyond any level of self control as with a fevered desperation he reached up and grabbed at them with his frail old hands squeezing them for all he was worth as he stuffed one into his salivating mouth.

"Oh yes, mmmmmm you dirty old bastard," she said as she began to ride up and down on his big hard cock with more urgency while rubbing her tits all over his face. Faster and faster she rode him, up and down and round and round as she worked herself relentlessly ever closer to an orgasm. 

The old man knew he wasn't going to be able to withstand this treatment long, he could feel his hairy old balls churning as they tightened more and more. His hands were now all over her luscious body, squeezing and groping her tits one minute and mauling at her ass as it bounced up and down on him the next. "Mmmmm, tits, tits, mmmmm lovely big tits," he moaned as he feasted on them, his hungry mouth sucking and chewing the lovely big things all over as if his life depended on it. 

Mandy could feel her building orgasm as she ground herself hard against him. His cock so big and hard that she could feel it as deep inside her as anything she had ever felt before. Faster and faster she rocked back and forth as her juices flooded from within drenching the both of them where they joined together. Moaning over and over she leant back trying to get him as deep inside her as possible. 

For his part he knew he was coming close himself as he drank in the sight of her naked body before him, his hands all over her like the dirty old man he really was, able to do anything he wanted. It was all his dreams come true, nothing like this had ever happened to him before and he was determined to make the absolute most of it. The sight of those huge tits swaying around was too much. They were so big that with her arching back he couldn't see her face, that sweet pretty lovely face, a face that he loved and so desperately wanted. Those full soft pouting lips so deliciously inviting. He loved her and wanted to kiss her so badly but she kept herself out of reach. This gorgeous girl had driven him to the absolute limits and he knew he was on the verge of shooting his heavy load. 

But it seemed Mandy had other ideas as she suddenly stopped and her entire body tensed as she ground down hard against him. She shuddered all over as she bit down on her lip to stifle the cry that came out as a muted trembling moan. The old man knew what was happening, she was in the throws of orgasm! He didn't know much but what he did know was it was now or never, and so with a strength even he didn't know he had he raised her up and flipped her over onto her back, all the time still inside her. Mandy was amazed, for a moment she didn't know what was happening as she suddenly found herself pinned down beneath him. With her head resting on the arm of the sofa the old man hooked his arms behind her knees and forced them right up by her shoulders. Now with her unable to move he was in full charge as he grabbed her huge tits and again groped and mauled them all over.

Whether Mandy wanted him to or not it didn't seem to matter now as at long last with nowhere to go he forced his dirty smelly old mouth over hers kissing and slobbering as he explored it with his invading tongue. 

"Mmmm, lovely, so lovely," he grunted and groaned, " oh yes mmmmmm you lovely sweet thing, mmmmmm." 

He had suddenly found his voice and it seemed there was no stopping him. As he drove his full length faster and faster in and out of her now drenched pussy he went on and on as he kissed the pretty young blond with a fevered desperation. "Oh God lovely so fucking lovely mmmmmmm, mmmmmm, mmmmmmm!" Like a jackhammer his bony white ass went up and down as he piston fucked her like a crazy man, his balls slamming hard against her ass over and over again. 
Mandy couldn't believe it and had to admit it felt so good. Still she tried to move her head to avoid his vile tasting mouth but it was useless he was unstoppable. "No you dirty bastard no!" She cried.

But he now knew her game and needed no encouragement to play along. "Oh fuck yes, uh uh uh," he went on gasping for breath as he fucked her harder and harder, "uh uh uh, yes, ooh take it you bitch take my fucking cock!" 

"You wanker! Ooh you dirty old wanker," she hissed at him as he pushed her knees even higher and drove himself in even deeper. 

"Oh yeah uh uh uh," he went on with his new found voice, "I wank over you every uh uh uh, every day, mmmmmm every uh uh uh every fucking day I cum thinking about uh uh uh you, uh uh uh!" 

The feel of her sweet tight pussy squeezing the whole length of his throbbing great erection was too much as he suddenly felt the unmistakeable surge welling in his balls. "Oh fuck yes, I uh uh uh, I'm gunna cum, I'm gunna fucking cum!" 

The sound of him slamming against her rang around the room as he knew this was it. Mandy too was starting to orgasm as the old man salivated all over her pretty young face his tongue slobbering inside her sweet tasting mouth. 

Puffing and panting and sweating like a pig he pounded her harder and faster as he felt himself reach the point of no return. The pretty busty blond thought she might pass out from this relentless hammering, her pussy poured with juice as he carried on his assault. Then suddenly he cried out, "oh I'm gunna cum, oh God I'm gunna fucking cum in your lovely sweet tight cunt! Oh fuck fuck fuck, yes yes yes!" No sooner had he spoke than an absolute tidal wave of thick steaming spunk thundered up through his old cock and exploded inside her. "Aaaargh yes yes yes!" He cried as he pounded her over and over, every thrust shot more and more of his thick creamy white muck into her waiting pussy. "Fuck oh fuck!" He went on as he pushed himself as deep into her throbbing cunt as he could, he had never experienced such intensity in all his life.

Amidst it all Mandy too had just had her second orgasm, her cunt milking his rock solid cock for all it was worth taking all the spunk his old balls could empty into her. On they went writhing and grinding together for several minutes, the old man unable to believe what had actually just happened.

"Oh yes, oh at last, yes, yes, yes," he sighed as he flexed himself to squeeze every last drop of spunk he had into her. The two of them lay there in their embrace for several minutes, the old man still insisting on kissing the beautiful girl as they did. Mandy didn't mind she had at long last just had a much needed and very satisfying seeing to. 

With nothing left to give the old man pulled his arms out from behind her legs and straightened them out so he could take a long lingering look at this beautiful busty young blond that he had unbelievably just fucked! Still inside her his pulsating cock oozed a little more cum with every throb, his spent balls now soaked in her juices.

Mandy looked up to see the old man smiling down at her through crooked and rotten teeth as he wrung the final drops from himself before slowly and reluctantly pulling himself out. 

Rolling over onto his back he just lay there saying nothing as he watched the beautiful creature get to her feet, her legs still shaky from the whole experience. His spent cock lay motionless across his bony old thigh as she put back on her panties bra and blouse. Coming over to him she leant forward and kissed him on the forehead thanking him once again for helping her out before heading out the door and back to her own flat. He was in no doubt that paying for that bed was simply the best decision he had ever made in his life...