Author's Note: Hi! Welcome to Chapter 5! This is the longest chapter yet, so I hope it makes up for the wait. I don't have much to add this time. Ready for me to torture these two idiots some more? Have fun!

~Eris/D&T

* * *

The red dress Christina wore on Monday was a flag in front of a bull. It was the only long one he'd seen her in, and length of it dropped to skim her ankles in a flowing scarlet dare. Not to mention the fabric falling over the swell of her ass like something that ought to be illegal.

Bill couldn't even stay in the front office with her. It was too much, after Saturday. He made sure he had plenty to do in the shop, or chances were, he was going to do something stupid. Whatever the opposite of discreet was, he was going to do that if he stood within arm's reach.

Two o'clock sunlight baked everything outside the dual-bay steel building, and Bill let the heat soak into him through the open roll-up doors. He could have turned on one of the big box fans, but working while just this side of too hot was almost like some sort of weirdly appropriate, self-imposed punishment for his generally acting like an idiot.

Bill stood at the workbench nearest the side door and ran his finger down the maintenance list he'd made. Checked off that oil change he'd done yesterday, and eyed the next thing. Should be quick.

Well. Maybe not so quick. Not if he couldn't keep his head on the task at hand.

It looked like it was made out of the same sort of material as a tee-shirt, that fucking dress. Maybe softer. She wore some tiny, thin sweater over it that really wasn't much more than a pair of sleeves. Probably trying to put up with the blasting AC, but it was just as well he couldn't see her shoulders. It was bad enough her hair was up off her neck. 

Not that he was blaming Christina. She was just doing like he asked, wearing a dress. Wasn't her fault his dick was acting like a kid begging for candy at a grocery store check-out stand.

Please! Pleeeeease can I have some? Just one! You promised!

So much for 'cooling off'. 

The only thing different than before their 'arrangement' was Bill knew he could have it now. If he wanted it. 

And, by god, he did.

He wanted to touch, to hear, to smell her. He wanted to see the face she would have made if he'd kept going the other day, even for ten more seconds. That stitch in her brow, teeth sinking into the pink of her lower lip ...

Bill fumbled the jug of coolant he was pulling down from a steel shelf and swore. He had it rescued before it hit the ground, but still. It never paid to be distracted. Even now, when he had a job where it wouldn't be a huge problem.

You've already got a huge problem, Marshall.

Right. And it wasn't the truck in the near bay with the coolant leak.

There were reasons people called him an asshole. Usually not to his face, but folks didn't always pay attention to who was standing nearby when they ran their mouths.

He didn't like the fake feeling of 'small talk' and extraneous fluff. Pointless greetings, the placation of ass-kissing. People called that 'blunt'. He wouldn't tolerate lies or bullshit. He'd put his finger right on the nose of what was really going on. People called that 'harsh'. He had zero patience for idiots. He would not wait around, he would not bite his tongue. People called that 'being an asshole'.

Maybe he was. But that had nothing to do with running an equipment rental shop. Other people could take their opinions of him and calmly insert them three knuckles deep.

Christina didn't expect him to act any other way, though. At least she seemed not to. He didn't see that telltale disappointment on her face when he ended a useless conversation. She never bothered to try coaxing forced 'good mornings' out of him. In so many small ways, she allowed him to be himself.

There were parts of him surfacing now around Christina, however, that Bill Marshall didn't know what to do with. 

He was ... aggressive. Making demands. 

Move your feet apart. Hold still. Swallow. Look at me.

Bill's jaw tightened. It wasn't the commands. It was her obeying him. Those blue eyes wide and wary, asking 'What else? What else will he want me to do?' and braving it anyway.

This was dangerous. She fed into the part of him that wanted to flex power. How much did he have? How far would she let him go? It could be a drug, testing those limits, and keeping the fuck away from cigarettes was already enough of a chore. Bill was already far too familiar with the ways power could keep a person from seeing straight.

Speaking of seeing ... Coolant refilled on the twelve-footer, he lowered himself almost to the ground to peer underneath the truck. The couple of drips were still there on the concrete, reminding him of the leak, but he was not going to change that hose out today. Didn't even think he had one the right size at the shop right now. He would need to get one ordered, though.

Bill stood and dusted his palms off on his jeans. He eyeballed the office. That's where he'd have to go at some point. Get this radiator hose added to a PO.

But she was in there.

Goddamnit, which one of you is running this show? You scared of her now?

Maybe. A little. Scared of what he might become around her. Of how this whole thing was going to end.

Today was Monday, though. A new week. A new hour.

And Bill was greedy. He knew what he wanted this time.

* * *

Christina exhaled through puffed cheeks, consulting the clock on the computer for the hundredth time in the last hour. Today was dragging ass.

Hardly any customers on a Monday, and cutting the week's POs had taken almost no time at all. She'd scraped away at all the mundane busywork she could find, but the last half hour of her shift was stretching away like a funhouse hallway, just out of reach forever.

Jonah wasn't even pretending to work. He leaned on the end of the counter, scrolling with a thumb through something on his phone. She swiveled on the tall stool and refreshed the Haul Ash email inbox. Again. Still nothing new.

And Bill could not have made the day more awkward. He'd spent most of it in the shop, but whenever he managed to pass through the office, Christina stopped being able to function as a human being.

He came in the door, she'd drop a roll of receipt tape. He needed something behind the counter, she'd start making typos. He asked her a question, she'd scramble syllables in her answer like she was trying to have a stroke.

It might have been less flustering without all the staring. She'd catch him, every time he'd come in, at least once. Glance up and Bill's eyes were on her, their focus intense. He'd look away as soon Christina noticed, but it was enough to keep her unbalanced for most of the day.

She minimized all the windows on the monitor. Maximized them all again. Restless. Fucking around.

Why'd he have to make it like this? All weird. Avoiding her all day only to stir chaos with his every appearance. Why couldn't he just ... do things that made sense? Just haul her by the arm into the back bathroom and—

And what? Bend you over again? Fuck you? You want it, don't you Christina.

She frowned, shifting on the seat. At least if things went back to how they were in the beginning, she would know where she stood. Christina the Fucktoy was a lot easier to get her head around than Christina panting while Asshole Bill's fingers brought her almost, almost ...

Fuck, I want him to touch me.

She might as well have pulled out a Ouija board and summoned the fucker with that thought, because here he came, too.

"Jonah, you ain't got nothing to do, I'll find something for you." The front door settled shut behind their boss to the dull clunk of bells. 

Jonah pocketed his phone and stood up away from the counter. No one wanted the kinds of jobs the owner of the Haul Ash 'found' for bored employees. "I'll deal with the trash," Jonah said, leaning down to grab the bin. Smart move on his part.

"Christina?"

She looked over at her boss, wary. "Yeah?"

"Your front tire's low." He came around the counter to hang up two sets of keys, his proximity waking up the pace of her heartbeat.

"Which one?" Christina said to the monitor. She didn't want to turn around on the stool, as if facing him was going to spring some trap.

Whatsa matter, Dodd? You don't wanna get caught?

"Driver's side," he said. "When you clock out, go ahead and pull it up in front of the shop and we'll get it filled."

He was headed out through the door to the back half before she could say 'OK'.

'Get it filled.' Forget springing a trap. He'd poked a hornet's nest, and her mind flew in every direction.

Since when did Bill care about anyone's tire pressure? Since never, that's when. Christina knew what this was, and she knew in twenty more minutes she'd be out there fighting for her sanity against whatever torture her boss had planned for her next.

If it bothers you so much, why don't you just ... get out? Tell him you're done. Leave.

But ... 'bother' probably wasn't the right word. Terrify? Hypnotize? This asshole was calling her out like the fucking Pied Piper and there wasn't even a question. Christina was going to go.

'Seduce.' That was the word. Whoever thought that word would happen in the same hemisphere as Bill 'Next Time Wear A Skirt' Marshall?

Another glance at the clock. Ten minutes. She'd been spazzing out about it for that long. Jonah was already bringing in the other small, tied-off trash bag from the back half. He hefted both bags now and pushed his way outside, heading around to the side of the office to toss them in the larger dumpster.

Christina hopped off the stool and started tidying the counter area. Dropped a couple stray pens back in their cup. Straightened piles of papers, moved a business card and brochure holder back into place. Anything to distract.

Her shift ended an hour before closing tonight. Jonah's didn't—he closed. That meant she'd be out in the shop trying not to have a nervous breakdown while her co-worker was still here. She could only pray Bill's stern mandate that someone always be watching the counter was enough to keep Jonah chained to the office. That whole 'fear of being caught' thing did nothing for Christina. Other people could go be exhibitionists. Not her.

The time clock didn't give a single fuck about Christina's mental health. When she looked again, it was time. 

Fuck.

Jonah made his return through the door to the back half. "Lucky you, time to go home," he said. That hint of routine bitterness on his voice told about his excitement for the last hour of his shift.

Christina swallowed. What was she going to do? Procrastinate? For what reason would she not boogie right out of here when her shift ended? Especially on a sleepy day like this. It would look weird to do anything but pick up her purse and clock out.

So she did.

"See you, Jonah."

"Later," he said to her back as she pushed through the front door. 

The amber light of near sunset warmed her arms, even as her lower back went cold, and Christina stepped out onto the concrete like she was walking a plank.

Here goes.

She headed around to the Bronco, squinting. Hmm. The front tire on her side was low. If the guy was making up excuses, at least he found one that was legit.

Purse shoved onto the passenger seat, Christina fumbled her keys trying to get the right one into the ignition. The truck behaved itself and backed up like she wanted, and rolled over the gravel and onto the concrete pad in front of the one open bay. When she opened the door to get out, she could already hear the tinny pneumatic purr from the compressor.

Bill stood in the roll-up doorway, twisting a nozzle onto the hose. Instinct made her want to walk over to him—it seemed rude to just stand by the truck—but he'd be coming over in a few seconds to deal with the tire, so she just hovered near the driver's side headlight, fussing with a hangnail.

The compressor hose made a dry shush over the cement as he dragged it toward the Bronco. "Thanks," she said, as her boss took a knee.

He had the valve stem cap off and the square plastic core popped out of the pressure gauge. "Yeah, that's low," he said.

Thank you, Captain Obvious.

The tire grew upright out of its bulge while Christina watched, Bill saying nothing, and the nozzle making its pffffft of air once he wrangled it loose. Tiny black cap screwed back on, he stood. The compressor rattled back into silence.

"Thanks." 

Really? Is that your only word of English? Jesus Christ, are you awkward.

Her boss was already coiling the hose back up, hanging it neatly on its rack, because there was no way Bill Marshall was going to tolerate it just flung in a pile on the shop floor. And god help Travis or Jonah if they left it that way.

Christina made a tentative step sideways and glanced around the lot while Bill hauled on the chain loop and brought the roll-up door clattering down along its track. When it met the ground, she bit her lip and turned to eye the Bronco.

Maybe he really did just want to get her tire filled, and that was it. She was losing her fucking mind reading into things anymore.

He's in the shop, he probably has shit to do. Not every comment is some hidden invit—

"Christina." Bill stepped around the side of the shop.

Something thudded in her chest and then leapt to top BPMs. And that, my friends, is the sound of the bass dropping.

"Yeah." Like it was any old thing, coming next.

He jerked his head back the way he'd come. "Come on."

* * *

She knew. There was no way she didn't know. 

And she came anyway, following him around the shop to the side door, ducking into the dim space for Bill to shut them in and slide the bolt home.

Christina stood there, feet right next to each other, arms hugging her middle in that way of a person trying to make themselves small. Ruddy sunset light filtered through the windows just under the ceiling on the opposite wall, setting the tip of her nose, her cheekbones, and a halo of stray lines of blonde hair aglow.

Bill wanted to tear into her like a birthday present.

Calm down. Or you're gonna fuck this up.

In place of acting like an animal, he stepped up beside her and touched fingertips to her lower back. She started and her head snapped to one side to show him a wary eye, but he kept his touch sliding around to her elbow, nudging as he moved past her into the shop.

"Come here." He didn't need to put any volume into his voice. The air in the space sat still and heavy, warm from the late afternoon, and silent other than the whisper of passing cars from outside.

Bill made it to the shop bench and looked back to see her rooted in place, blinking at him. He could never tell from one day to the next whether she was terrified of him or aroused. Or disgusted? 

Let's hope not.

He angled his head in a less curt gesture than before; a suggestion for her to join him, not a barked order. It warred with everything in his nature that had no time for the handling of people with kid gloves.

Christina looked at her shoes for a moment and he saw her chest rise and fall with a breath. Then she let go her arms and moved the few steps to stand in front of him. Close enough for a handshake.

Be patient. You're the one with the plan. At least until it all goes to hell.

"Come sit on the bench."

Her mouth came into a line, but she made to do like he asked, shoving a shop stool a few inches out of the way to make room. Until her palms landed on the surface.

"There's all kinds of crap all over it."

Yeah, because it's a fucking workbench.

But he kept his mouth shut and grabbed a rag. She didn't want to get her dress dirty, that was fair. Bill swiped at the space he'd cleared, brushing away most of the dust and filthy little bits of god-knew-what.

She ran her hand over the area in his wake and made another little face, but sidled in between him and the bench. The heels of her palms went back to the edge and she hoisted herself up to perch there, ankles crossed.

Followed him into the shop, sat up here like he wanted: it was going smoother than Bill had hoped.

Don't forget the money, though. Still a good reason for her not to argue. 

But maybe today he would find out.

Giving her no time to balk or shift elsewhere, Bill melted into Christina's space. His hand insinuated her knees apart and his hips slipped between her thighs. Her feet came unlinked and the fabric of her dress stretched across his belt.

All that tight composure fled as he invaded her little bubble. She had a hand on the work surface behind her, putting her weight on it to lean back even an inch from whatever he had in mind.

There was a button fastening her sweater, and Bill already fumbled it in his fingers. When it came apart, he was sluicing the flimsy thing off her shoulders before it dawned on him there were sleeves, and they were going to make things difficult.

"Take this off."

She did, and it should have been hot. Stripping out of her clothes, however, came second to the depth of blue eyes locked on his as she did it. 

Her jaw had gone slack and there was some little thing all this meant, though Bill couldn't quite get it around into the light where he could see. Like the name of something he couldn't extract from memory, aside from the uncanny feeling it would be so obvious once he did, he'd want to slap himself.

As soon as she pushed the pile of knit material away behind her, Bill's hands were gliding along her forearms. Her shoulders. Smooth like the rest of her, and he was going to have to hit the brakes before he crashed.

The top of the dress had narrow straps, and they lay alongside two more that belonged to her bra. It wasn't a fancy outfit. He could see her wearing it to a barbeque. But that red against her pale skin ... so much skin.

His thumbs flanked the column of her throat while he all but licked her collarbones with his gaze. He wanted everything.

His fingers moved under the straps and he shifted closer, breathing her in, shampoo and woman and home.

"You tryna fuckin' kill me with this dress, Christina?"

Her brows came together like it was a trick question. "N-no?"

Bill almost chuckled. "Coulda fooled me." And slid the mess of straps down her shoulders. Whether it was a good idea to expose a weakness like that out loud remained to be seen. He braced his hands wide apart on the edge of the bench and met her eyes again. Only inches remained between them.

"You're allowed to say 'no'." His words were quiet, but distinct. This was important, but he couldn't stop staring at her mouth. And oh, that little scrunch of her features in confusion was going to end him. "I'm paying for your time. I didn't buy you. Don't have to do every damn thing I ask for. If you don't want."

He'd made a statement out of it, but it hung in the air like a question.

Plenty cheerful and social in the office, Christina couldn't manage words around him out here. He watched her throat move as she swallowed. Decisions were happening behind those eyes and there was no way for him to understand all the factors.

Something brushed his right thumb. A glance flicked down showed him her smallest finger extended into the contact. Her lips had parted. A thigh shifted at his hip.

William James Marshall about came unglued.

But he didn't. He seized a hold of the disaster inside him and brought his knuckles up to brush, feather light, down the bare slope of her chest. When they reached the unsupported top of her dress, her bra, she made a little noise. In her throat. Not even enough to count as a whimper, but Bill was rock hard and ready to stop being a gentleman.
He pushed the fabric out of the way. Flipped the thicker bra cups down over their wire and band, both hands at once. She didn't hide. Just leaned there on her arms. Breathing. Watching him.

Two perfect dollops of cream, with fucking cherries on top, but Bill didn't spend more than a second looking because they were already in his hands. 

Warm. Soft. Tips pebbling under his touch. He was going to drill his dick right into the side of this bench. This was fantasy shit right here, his hands on Christina this way.

His thumbs grazed nipples and her breath caught. Forefingers came into it and he rolled and tugged on the sensitive tips, eyes on her face for reactions worth more than any glimpse of flesh could ever be. 

Her teeth sank into her lower lip, eyelids drifted closed. She was here. Here with him. And she wanted.

Bill wanted.

He stopped calculating and ducked his head. Sucked her into his mouth. 

The move drew a full, uncontrolled gasp from her like she'd just come above water for air. His hand came to the base of her neck, pressing her into his hunger, and Bill couldn't avoid groaning against the recognition of just how fucked he was.

I don't care. I don't care anymore.

He lapped at her. Suckled. Mauled her other breast in his hand. Switched sides and brought her other nipple between his teeth. He felt one of her elbows give up support, and then her locking it in place again. Her head had fallen back and his jeans were way the fuck too tight.

Bill rose up out of delirium to adjust the strain of his dick up and out of his pantleg. Fuck!

He couldn't tell if Christina was flushed or if it was just the pink of sunset coming through the windows. Her lips were full, though, and she looked at him like he was a madman. Which he probably was, but could anyone blame him? There would be no keeping his hands to himself.

Her nipples were wet under his fingers, softened and swollen from the hot work of his mouth. His touch began gentle as he stood between her knees, but there were appetites over which Bill was failing to retain control. 

The pressure tightened as he had both pink nubs between first and middle fingers like scissors. Her mouth fell open, a slip of tongue came out to wet her lips, and blood surged into the head of his cock.

Bill switched gears and swiped the damp skin with the pads of his thumbs, thrilling to feel her body tightening the little peaks down to hardness again. His pulse quickened to see a dusting of gooseflesh rise on her breasts and lower arms. She was flying with him, and it should have been enough, but ...

He took her, both sides, between thumb and forefinger again, no longer experimental. The squeeze became a grip. Blue eyes shot up to his. Grip became clamp, and her brows came together. Tighter.

Her spine curved away from his pull and Christina whined, but he didn't let go. Delicate skin pulled under his hold. She made no moves to fend him off, but made some sound between pain and something else that had him about coming in his pants.

"Bill." It was tentative. Someone approaching a dog that might bite. She took a deep breath. "You said you wouldn't hurt me. Not on purpose."

It was the briefest dousing of ice cold water. She was right. They'd agreed. 

But Bill had his suspicions. He would stop, if that's what she wanted, but ...

"Is that what you want, Christina?" A measured tug, a throb of pressure. "Want me to stop?"

Several breaths passed through her parted lips, her eyes closed against what he offered. Bill slid the grip of his fingers, just so much, the beginnings of a twist on captive flesh.

She hissed. Pushed her breasts up into his cruelty. Her thighs widened and her fucking pussy rolled against his belt!

Christ, just fuck her now! Get your fucking dick out of your pants and pound her right here on this bench!

Bill barely managed to see past the red, but her face was enough.

She was too beautiful this way. He turned harder, testing her limits, watching her teeth show in a lovely grimace. The rise and fall of her chest became more obvious. He began to alternate pressure, closing his grip on one tender nipple while relaxing it on the other. Then the opposite. Back and forth. Again. And again.

Christina had given up composure. He could feel the rhythmic tilt of her hips against his waist. Did she even realize she was doing it?

So hot. So fucking hot.

But Bill had goals today, and no customer pulling into the lot was going to interrupt while they were locked up in here.

Even as he bent again to wipe the pain clear with passes of his tongue, locking his inner sadist back in its cage as he went, his right hand was already gathering the fabric of her dress. The kindness of his mouth in contrast had her wavering through a quiet moan, and it wasn't until she felt the dusting of knuckles on her inner thigh that Christina's eyes flew open to see what he did.

Hell, when his own focus shifted to his new priority, Bill's whole train of thought nearly derailed.

Ffffuuuck.

Some noise happened in his chest. Almost a growl. 

They match. She has red goddamn panties on.

And they were soaked through.

Christina saw what he saw, and squirmed, legs unable to close with his body spreading her knees. Was it embarrassment, though, or a desire to stop? But he'd told her. Told her she didn't have to, and here she was.

He turned his wrist and cupped the damp well of her crotch, massaging the flat of four fingers into the place where she was wet. For him.

"Oh, god." Her words rode out with her exhale, a slurred whisper that she was no more in control than he had been. She pushed herself into his hand, forgetting to care whether he saw.

And Bill needed to see more. 

He left off teasing to hook his fingers under the top edge of her panties. Tugging brought the flimsy material out over the curve of a hip, down past her mound. The scent of her had him howling inside. Bill wanted her in his mouth, to taste, to consume. There was probably a crude Big Bad Wolf and Little Red joke to be made here, but he ground his teeth and kept away from it. That was not what they were doing today.

"Lift," he said, when his pull wouldn't make it past the edge of the bench. Christina obeyed again—so hot, just kill me—and tilted onto one hip so he could take her panties down past her ass. Then the other side, without him asking.

They came over her knees, her calves, off around the flat shoes she wore. Bill stuffed the wadded handful into a front pocket, out of the way, and not on any of the shop's filthy surfaces.

And then, holy fuck, there she was. Perched on the edge, bare pussy on display, red dress draping over the side of the bench like a tablecloth. Whatever she saw on his face had her bringing her thighs back together, but Bill was there, parting them again with his hands and hips.

She shifted, arms close to her body now, as nerves condensed her brow. The straps of her dress and bra still banded her upper arms, and more soft material gathered where thigh met hip. What did that vulnerability feel like? Were the rivets and stitching of his jeans rough against her thighs? Was the air curling between her legs, up and around her nipples, cool or warm? What would he do, now that he had her spread, exposed, out in the shop where Jonah might come knocking if luck didn't play nice today?

Christina kept her eyes trained on his. The way they scanned back and forth said she tried to read him, and it had his cock thumping away behind his belt, hoping he might see reason. Bill ignored it.

He traced fingers down her throat, across her collarbone. He painted the line of his touch between her breasts, along the underside of their curves. She was perfect and he wanted this so very, very badly.

There was nothing for her to hide behind when he found her with his hand again. Fingertips found slick velvet and she inhaled through her nose, lips rubbing together to stifle her sounds. He traced out a path through all that delicate ruffling of feminine flesh, coming to know her shape, her texture, better than he'd had a chance to on the other side of the office door.

The bead of her clit was there, firm but concealed like a pearl. Bill earned quiet, high-pitched grunts of delicious suffering when he thumbed at the hood, rolled it back and forth at a lazy pace. He dipped fingers along her slit and down into wetness, drawing them up after to keep her slick for more circling, more teasing.

She was breathing through her mouth now, but watching him. Her thighs kept trying to butterfly closed around his touch while his body held them wide. She was everything, and everything Bill wanted today would start with a question. If he could do it right.

But first ...

He lifted his hand away and ran a thumb along coated fingertips, right between them where Christina could see.

"Open."

Her ribs expanded. She knew what he meant. Wet her lips with her tongue.

Obeyed.

Sweet Jeeesus.

His slid his first two fingers past her lower lip. Pushed them back toward her throat. She closed her palate in around him and sucked.

He hadn't asked.

Bill was about to nut right there when her tongue oozed between his fingers, cleaning and wetting the skin at the same time as she tasted her own arousal. But here was the question.

"You touch yourself, Christina?"

Blue eyes widened, but he didn't let her have her mouth back. She could answer him like this, just because. Because he wanted to see it, to hear it that way.

"Do you?" 

She offered a small nod around his fingers. He stroked them over her tongue like they were still between her legs, and couldn't help a smile.

"Is that a yes?"

He felt her try to swallow. "Yugh." There was a note of pleading in her muffled affirmative, and his cock swelled some more. 

Bill took his hand back and her pupils were as wide as he'd ever seen them. He returned to his toying with more aggression, and Christina hissed through her teeth.

"Nnghfuck!"

He flirted at her entrance, just a knuckle or so teasing in and out, petting the lower rim with the lightest touch he could manage. More nectar leaked around his fingers.

"When do you do it?" he said. "At night?" Small movements tinkered between her legs.

"Mmhmm." Her eyes had scrunched shut, all concentration on what he was doing. She didn't see his other hand rise to the nape of her neck.

Fingers fisted into blonde hair at the scalp, just below where she kept it knotted on the back of her head. Bill hauled back, exposing her throat. Her eyes and mouth flew open.

"Use your words, Christina Lee." He singled out her clit, pinching it at the base between thumb and forefinger. "Is that when you touch this pussy? After the sun goes down?"

"Yessss." She humped at his hand, and it was all Bill could do not to throw all his plans out the window and bury himself balls deep right that minute.

But you're so close.

"You make yourself come?" He let go the stiff little bead and rolled it under his thumb so the blood could flow again. 

"Bill!"

Her head was back under his pull and the sound of her breath rasping was a primitive music. If she wasn't ready now, he'd be out of ideas.

"Do you."

Tug. Gasp.

"Make yourself."

Two fingers, second knuckles, twisting.

"Come."

"Ye-ESS, Bill!" She broke on the admission while he worked her, the sound almost like she was choking past a sob. It was the confession he wanted.

Bill took back his touch. Both hands.

Eyes searched the shop ceiling and, when the nothing continued, she righted her neck to stare at him, lost. He took a step back and her knees stayed open, beautiful pussy swollen and pink, even in what was left of the dimming light.

"Show me," he said.

"What?"

She knew what. He knew she did. Two more big steps and Bill was leaning against the nearest truck's fender. He hooked his thumbs into his belt. "You heard me." Gave her a nod. "Show me how you touch yourself." She just had to decide to do it.

"How I ..." Her spine slumped, eyes drifting off as though she was translating his words from a second language.

"Touch yourself." He finished for her, watching her face change as she ran scenarios in her head. With him a few feet away, if she really wanted to, she could cover up and hightail it right out of there. Bill crossed his boots over at the ankle, his arms over his chest, waiting.

"Bill ..." She gave a tiny shake of her head. "Why?"

Now it was his turn to swell with need. He had to unset his jaw to speak. "You done it in front of someone else before?"

Another head shake. Some of her hair had fallen loose and brushed her cheekbone. "No."

The temperature in the shop had to have gone up ten degrees. Why not honesty? "Then that's why," he said. "I want you to show me something you've never shown anyone else."

Her features slackened in disbelief. Bill was glad there was no clock to watch while she hovered in indecision. Everything was still for long, slow heartbeats. He couldn't even tell if she was breathing, and her eyes went unfocused in the middle distance. 

Until they didn't, and locked back on his. 

Her right hand crested her thigh.

Sweet, merciful Christ. 



* * *

Christina had not worn that dress to fuck with him. Quite the opposite. It was the only long dress she had. Cover all that leg she'd been showing in the shorter skirts? Good idea. Plus a sweater for her arms? Bonus.

Except it hadn't been. And now here she was. 

It wouldn't have mattered. Look at him, Dodd, you'd've been out here no matter what.

She couldn't not look at him. That was half the problem.

He waited for her over there, the right side of his face lit up with the fire of sunset. Bill Marshall might as well have been the Devil. He leaned, arms crossed, brown eyes burning into her with the challenge.

To show him something she'd never shared with anyone. To finish what he'd started.

Her skin prickled, even in the warm air, the exposure of her body the least of her worries at the moment.

Fear had been there, but not this fear. When she'd followed him into the shop, her most secret worry was one Bill had veered away from at the last second like the edge of a cliff. Not only that he would make her come—a terrifying possibility after their last encounter—but that she wanted it from him. To an obsessive degree.

No, this was worse. As Christina sat there doing her best to block out her environment and the one other person in it, she knew this was much worse. It was alarming in the way the blow-job had been alarming. He kept robbing her of the passive role. 

Did her nipples ache for more attention? Yes. Was her pussy throbbing? Way too much. Did she want to finish? Of fucking-course she did!

But was Bill going to take her there? No. Was he going to demand she hold still while he tore whatever result he wanted from her body? Nope. 

He'd brought her to the edge and left her there. Again. Christina had never been so hot in all her life, and this ... fucking ... asshole! He had no business turning her on in the first place, and now he was in her head, day and night. The smell of him, the sound of that voice!

And yes, she had masturbated. Obviously. Thank god he hadn't asked whether she'd thought of him while doing it. At least over the last couple weeks ...

So now if she wanted to come, she'd have to choose it. On purpose. There would be no just sitting back and letting him take it, letting him relieve the pressure, relieve her of responsibility. He'd said he hadn't bought her, but right now, Christina was feeling owned.

He owns something right now, that's for sure. Got your head aaall messed up. Haven't even bothered to put your tits away.

But if he owned her, even just for today, maybe she ought to give him what he asked for. This wasn't even a functional reality, anyway. How could it be when she was sitting around in the shop, considering in a serious manner whether she ought to beat off in front of Asshole Bill?

You should do it. He won't last two minutes.

The idea made all her other thoughts shut up and look over, ears perked.

Not bad. Not bad at all. If Christina started to play with herself, Bill had no chance of keeping his shit together. Not after how he'd been acting. He'd be over there in a flash, belt coming open, fly down, and they'd both get what they wanted. She just wouldn't have to examine what that was, because she'd be busy hanging on for dear life.

She let her right hand creep up over her thigh.

Deep breath. You got this.

And slid all four fingers down between her legs. Back up again, slow, dragging her lips taut and carving through the furrow. She could see Bill's jaw go slack on the exhale. This wouldn't take long, at all.

Christina leaned back on her supporting arm and, in a fit of inspiration, hauled her ass backward into the available bench space. Her dangling left leg hooked the backless stool to where it had been and she cocked up a knee to rest her foot there. The pained look on his face was her immediate gratification; the lewd display could only help.

Her clit was under her fingers. On some level of awareness, there were sensations Christina knew as good, but nerves and disbelief kept the bulk of those drowned right out. The motions came by rote: massage in circles, spread wetness, press, roll, pinch, repeat.

Aside from the rise and fall of his chest she could see from those few feet away, Bill stood stoic, arms still crossed, unresponsive to her efforts.

Well. Not entirely unresponsive. There was no mistaking the length ridging the front of his jeans.

She was more familiar with that length now than she'd care to admit.

Every hole, Christina Lee.

A small noise whined up from her throat and her eyes fluttered shut. The hiss from her boss brought them flying open again, only to find him pushing his palms down his thighs, the efforts at self-restraint clear.

Good. She brought her toying hand up and across her body to cup and squeeze the opposite breast. When she thumbed the nipple, was he even aware of the way he mimicked the movement at his side? The way his Adam's apple moved when she pinched the pink little tip? By the time she brought the active hand to her mouth to take in her own two fingers the same way she'd swallowed his, Bill had uncrossed his ankles and was headed her way.

Here we go.

Except he wasn't. A change in stance was all he'd been after, and a passing hand adjusted his bulge. Christina's eyes narrowed. Wet fingers slid back between her thighs. Her hips tilted as she sank one home. Paired it with its twin to churn the two in and out at at what she hoped was a seductive pace.

Bill stared and a flush of heat spread over her chest. Arousal or irritation? Christina couldn't tell. She took the effort back to her clit, genuine sounds of pleasure the next weapon in her arsenal as her fingers moved to entice. They moved. They moved and moved and moved.

And Bill did not.

The fuck?

There had to be something she wasn't getting. Christina had zero talent for dirty talk, but did her best to drop her voice down to somewhere that might sound smoky. She watched the lazy plunge of her fingers while she spoke.

"Is this what you want, Bill?"

"Yeah, it is." His words came hoarse and Christina couldn't help a smirk. She had him.

"For how much longer?"

He'd be inside her in thirty seconds.

"Until you're finished."

Her eyes snapped up to his. Movements stopped in mid-stroke. She blinked at him.

Bill have her a slow nod. "Finish." The enunciation made it a command. "Show me."

Christina pulsed around her own knuckles. Her heart jerked in her chest. Way in over her head: that's where she was now. When he talked to her like that, she ... she wanted to grovel. Wanted to crawl and abase herself, wanted to lay her cheek to the side over folded arms on the ground and push her ass up in the air for whatever he wanted.
It was way too much, and her wrist moved again, almost of its own will. Fingertips sought those sensitive places for a different reason. Not for a show. Not for bait.

For Bill. Because he wanted it. 

She let out a shuddering sigh as the weight of it all settled on her shoulders. 

Fine. This is where you're at right now. Own it.

Her ring finger slid to join the other two, the wet mess between her legs slipping and stretching to fit. Bill's hand had moved to cup his erection, and Christina knew what would fill her better than any fingers.

Her teeth caught her lower lip as she fucked in and out. Eyes closed, pussy swallowing down three-fifths of her own hand, the mounts of her palm grinding at her clit in tandem. Her boss made some tortured noise, but she couldn't look. The best view was on the backs of her eyelids where her mind kept the idea on loop: he had her pushed back on the workbench, one leg over his forearm, held open for the cock he fed up into her cunt. He took it slow, for as long as he wanted, no matter how close she came, or whined, or begged.

The scuff of a bootstep made Christina twitch, but it was too late now. Everything was swollen, throbbing, tumbling toward release.

Warmth brushed her dangling thigh and her mouth fell open, all defenses gone against whatever was coming next. She opened her eyes and Bill loomed, his gaze electric. That grip was in her hair again, holding her where he chose with a fist.

It was all unstoppable now. Need took over and the fingers stuffing her hole rose to ravage her clit. Speed and slick friction, an eye-crossing contrast, catalyzed to break her world. She choked on nothing, unable to look away, and Bill was the last, volatile element.

"Christina." Knuckles ground at the base of her skull. "Come for me."

Her jaw snapped shut. A high-pitched noise rose to a squeal in the back of her throat. 

One. 

Here we go.

Two. 

Oh god, oh fuck.

THREE, and Bill was inches from her face, somehow sucking it all out of her with dark eyes alone. Her pussy gaped in orgasm, milking at nothing while her clit screamed its release. Fingers twitched, jerking everything along, rolling whimpers pathetic even as her eyes opened wider to let in all the consequences.

The rushing of blood subsided in her ears, and now there was silence in the shop. Silence and breathing. Hers. His. Neither steady. If Christina hadn't known better, she'd say Bill was as dumbstruck as she was. 

He let go her hair, trailing his touch down her neck as he went. She held down a shiver and wanted to smack herself for it. Her foot slid off the stool and the hem of her dress dropped over a knee. A tumble of wrists and elbows had her bra and top back in place. More or less.

Her boss wasn't smiling, but something hard had abandoned the set of his jaw. He took a step back, making room for her to ease down off the bench and onto her feet. Red fabric fell the rest of the way to her ankles. Between her legs, a warm buzz, and her ears, the white noise of confusion.

Bill was no place to look for answers. His face might have had questions written on it, himself, if she could even see that well in the last of the light. He stepped close. Reached down and took her hand.

Wadded a pair of panties into it.

She was too stupid just then to react, so he closed her fingers around the cloth. Let go her curled fist a few long seconds later.

"Your shift's been over for at least half an hour, Dodd." His words were quiet, the slightest affect in delivery, as though he spoke in a code. "Oughta go home. Enjoy your day off tomorrow."

It would have taken her too long to know what to say, anyway. By the time she'd swallowed to wet her throat again, he'd already brushed her arm with his on the way back out of the shop. Unless she wanted to stand here in the dark, there was nothing else she could do.

Christina pulled on her underwear, closed the shop door behind her, and rode on one newly-inflated tire all the way back to her trailer, all on the wings of a single, obliterating thought.

What the fuck. Did I just do.



* * *

Christina's Bronco wasn't done crunching out of the lot before Bill ground his teeth and spurt fresh cum over his knuckles and into the bathroom sink. His other hand braced his weight against the wall, and the last of his breath hissed under tight control from a clenched jaw.

It was about the only thing he had under control, at that point.

Bill let his heartbeat simmer and took advantage of paper towels and running water to clean up, to tuck everything back in his pants. As far as Jonah knew from the front counter, his boss was just back there taking a piss and washing his hands.

It had taken every ounce of his discipline out in the shop. The fact that he'd confined himself to a friendly hand on the outside of his jeans was a minor miracle. Forget what he'd asked her to do. As soon as she'd started to follow through, he was done. Everything inside him screaming, Just take it! You see her face! She wants what you want!

But, oh, the self-restraint had been worth it. 

Something shuddered in his chest as Bill splashed a final round of water on his face and dragged the wet hand through his hair. The sounds she'd made. Come for me. Ri-goddamn-diculous, to say something like that, but the widening of her eyes, the savagery of her hand ... 

Hell, even those times she'd said his name when he was touching her. Bill didn't even particularly like his name, but when it came from her mouth, an exclamation of want, it was almost more than he could handle.

Christina Lee Dodd was a fucking drug, and they did not make rehab for addictions like this.

What the fuck have you started, Marshall? How do you think this is gonna end? 

He'd want more and more, that was for sure. And what else could he have, without some serious disruption to his business? Jonah and Travis couldn't find out. He could just hear it now: 'Christina only got that holiday off because she's banging Bill.'

He frowned as he closed the door to the bathroom behind him and stood, restless, in the back half. 

'Banging.' The term would be hot, he guessed, if he was talking about some random piece of ass. Let someone else call what he and Christina were doing 'banging', though? He'd knock their fuckin' teeth in. 

This here is a level of trouble you ain't prepared to deal with.

None of these were good signs. What was going to happen when somebody else came into the picture?

Bill was only partway aware of his fingers curling into fists as he traveled this line of thought. Their little pay-for-play arrangement was one thing, but what would happen when some guy came along throwing his hat in the ring as an actual boyfriend? She wasn't going to keep her boss on as some sort of side dick. Not if someone volunteered to treat her like a human being.

And he didn't want to be that guy. Clamoring for attention from the sidelines. 

Then what guy do you want to be?

No. There was no answering that question. Not without the complete destruction of his fantasy world. You know, the one he shouldn't have been building in the first place.

The fog of Bill's gaze came into focus on one of the chairs tucked under the folding table where his employees ate lunch. His brain, the drunken architect who'd gotten them into this mess, was already erecting new rooms at haphazard angles, blithely refusing to look back at the structures crumbling in its wake.

There were no shitty futures, only impossible glinting moments. The things he wanted grew smaller and smaller by turns, their pressure and delicacy straining toward limits. Bill was going to grasp at them anyway, he already knew. Even when his clumsy grip would do no better than crush.

There wasn't going to be a lick of common sense when it came to Christina Lee. He could see every sign along the way, none of them good, while he raced past, cackling, accelerator jammed to the floor and brakes shot somewhere back where the pavement ended.

The question was, would she go with him?

* * *

Eggs.

Eggs everywhere. The roll-up doors of box trucks. The front window of the office. 

And toilet paper. All along the fenceline. Strewn out onto the gravel like damp party noisemakers, fully unfurled.

Christina stood with her fists on her hips, several feet away from a similarly arrayed Bill, assessing the damage. Well. Not damage, so much as the level of pain-in-the-assery this was all going to be to clean up.

A yellow mutt snuffled along the shady west side of the office, and her boss shook his head. "Figures. Day I decide to bring the dog to work again, and we got this."

Bill's phone rang and he hauled it out of a pants pocket.

"Yeah."

Christina squinted in his direction, into the morning light, then moved off toward the trucks, her focus on something odd near the base of a tire. She could hear Bill grumbling some reply to whoever was on the line before he hung up.

"That was Dawn from the gas station," he said, taking a few steps closer to make himself heard. "Said they got it there, too. Couple more places right here along the highway. "Fuckin' buncha teenagers out after Prom, what she thinks."

She bent down and cocked her head at the mottled circle on the ground. "Is this a tortilla?"

Bill snorted from a couple paces behind her. " 'S what it looks like." The tinkle of dog tags came toward them.

"Weird." She stood, shaking her head.

"Well," he said, surveying the lot, "it's just us, and we gotta get this shit cleaned up. Eggs'll ruin the paint on the trucks if we leave 'em." He sighed. It wasn't what anyone planned to do when they showed up at work, of a morning. Daisy came to lean against his leg, tail flapping in every direction. An absent hand dropped to scratch the furry head. "Guess we can just leave the front door open. Phone rings, one of us'll hear it."

Christina made a grim face and looked down at her bare knees. A grinning dog face materialized, wanting pets from her, too. She worried a tawny ear between fingers.

"How far's your house from here?" he asked.

"What?"

"I mean, uh ..." Bill scratched the back of his neck. "You want to go home and put on some pants? Probably not the best for me to have us out here gettin' filthy while you got a skirt on."

Never stopped him before.

Christina had to slap herself into gear after such a reasonable offer out of nowhere. "I ... think I might have something in the truck." She eyed the Bronco. "Let me go see."

The dog moved off to sniff around truck tires, tanked up on human approval for at least the next ten minutes.

Sure enough, a pair of grey track pants waited inside a grocery bag she'd thrown in the back of the Bronco a few weeks ago. She'd taken them as a change of clothes after working on her granddad's place, but never bothered to use them once the time came. They'd work.

"I got something," she called, hoisting the bag as she backed out of the truck. "I'll go change."

"All right," Bill said to her back as she headed into the office.

That weird feeling of excitement rode with her on her way to the tiny bathroom. The one where something different was happening at work and, even though it might be an inconvenience, there was still something fun about it. Like figuring out how to take credit card payments when a lightning storm took out the power for a while. Or that sort of battle-prep panic when you realize everyone other than you has called out sick. They were going to do something Different today, and who knew what could happen?

The door closed behind her, and Christina shook the track pants loose out of the bag. Laid them across the sink and started wiggling out of her skirt.

More, everything took on new meaning since this whole situation with Bill. Before, changing clothes in the back would have been nothing to even think about. Now? There was the thought that he knew she was back here. Knew she was tugging her skirt down past her hips.

He would've known that before!

Yes, but now there was a spotlight pointed at it, wasn't there? Asshole Bill knew things now, about what sort of business went on beneath her clothes. Knew what she looked like, what she felt like.

Christ, you're a trainwreck.

Christina yanked on the pants and cinched the drawstring tight. The skirt traded places, stuffed inside the plastic bag, and she barged her way back out of the office in a huff. 

It was time to get to work and stop worrying about Bill Fucking Marshall.

When she came back outside, he was pulling one of the eggy box trucks onto the driveway in front of the shop. After throwing her unneeded skirt on the front seat of the Bronco, Christina hiked over to meet Bill as he was getting out of the cab. Daisy trotted around the lot on perpetual fly-by, attending to the important canine business of the day, whatever that was.

"Hose won't reach out to the fenceline," said Bill, "so I'm gonna pull the trucks they hit up this way. If you could spray 'em down, and then we'll see if any little pieces are left dried on there."

"And if they are?" Christina headed toward the hose on the side of the shop.

"Brake fluid. It'll take it right off."

"For real?"

He grunted some reply, heading back to the front of the lot for another truck. She shrugged and started uncoiling hose, making a face at the amount of spider webs that came snapping apart as she did.

Just as Bill parked the second truck, the phone inside started up.

"I'll get it." He waved her off, climbing out of the cab. "Just do what you're doing."

Christina shrugged and started blasting away yolks. If he wanted to play office bitch in her stead, let him.

The morning ticked away, sun rising over the office until she went from warm to hot. The novelty of outdoor work was not altogether unpleasant, not compared to navigating stacks of newspapers and what-all-else at her granddad's.

Then it was brake fluid time.

"Here." Bill covered the open mouth of the yellow bottle with a red shop rag and upended the whole mess. Then righted it and handed her the rag. "Once you get what's left of the egg off, though, you gotta wash off the brake fluid with soap. It'll eat the paint just as bad as the egg, you leave it sit on there."

"Fire with fire, eh?"

He made some noise that was almost a laugh. "Yeah. I'll go get some soap in a bucket for you."

So now Christina was massaging brake fluid into the side of a cargo box, an orange bucket of sudsy water at her feet, while Bill did something that involved a lot of clanking in the back of the shop.

She didn't know what he was doing because she refused to look. Nope. No way. Not back in there where the workbench was. Not where that sneaky snake had teased her out of her panties and talked her into some exhibitionist shit she'd never imagined in a thousand years.

Finish. Show me.

Christina muttered a curse at the circling rag as her boss moved past with a ladder balanced on his shoulder.

"You all right?" he asked on his way by.

"Yeah." She bent to switch the brake fluid rag for the soapy one.

Like hell, you are. 

His words had been rattling around in her head, violating the safety of her two days off without him even having to be there. Whose fault was it when her pulse leapt earlier? When he'd pointed out they'd be the only two working today?

There would be sense to make if it were all clearly a power trip. But it wasn't. She could see the cracks in his control, those hairlines of light on a volcanic crust, fracturing here and there, but grinding closed just as quick. There was something at stake here for Bill, too. What that was, though? Who the fuck knew.

Aluminum clunked at the side of the cargo box on the truck behind her. Christina turned her head to see Bill settling the ladder into place.

"What are you doing?"

"See if any of the eggs got on the roo—are you kidding me?"

Now she put down the rag and turned all the way around, squinting up in Bill's direction. "What's going on?"

"There's tortillas all over the fuckin' top of this thing!"

"What?" She couldn't hold down a laugh.

"There's gotta be ... ten, twelve of 'em up here?"

Christina outright cackled now. "You gotta give 'em credit, though," she said, wiping her eyes, "that's pretty creative."

Bill mumbled something about 'goddamn kids' while he climbed back down the ladder. Mischief, maybe contagious on the air from the vandals of last night, had her running her mouth.

"What's wrong, Bill, you never did nothin' totally irresponsible before?"

He stopped, mid-step and blinked at her, and the look on his face was worth the full hundred percent of whatever price she'd have to pay. Then the corner of his mouth twitched in what Christina was coming to learn was as close as he got to a grin. With a shake of his head, he headed back into the shop.

She shouldn't have been smiling after him.

He came out with a push broom, Daisy loping in wide circles as he returned to the ladder.

"Add this to the list of shit they don't tell you about when you buy a rental yard."

Christina lifted the bucket and set it back down a few steps further along the truck. Her brows pinched together when she went back to scrubbing. She'd only been working there the last two years. Before that ...

"Bill, what'd you used do before you bought the Haul Ash?"

Nothing from her boss. He was dragging the business end of the broom toward him across the top of the box, pulling tortillas off to drop on the concrete. Maybe he hadn't heard. 

Maybe you pissed him off! You think Asshole Bill wants to answer a bunch of questions?

She attacked egg remnants with more vigor.

"I was a cop."

Her hand fell at her side. Really? Bill, a co—yeah. It made complete sense. All of it. The no-nonsense attitude. The way he just expected everyone to do as he said, without question.

Jesus Christ, no wonder he had you bend over that table and spread your ankles that first time.

"Why, uh ..." She was pushing her luck. "How come you're not still?"

"You really wanna know all that shit?" he said to the top of the truck. Muscles in his back made the shape of his shirt change as he reached with the broom.

"I asked, didn't I?"

Another tortilla hit the cement. Bill made his way down the ladder and slid it a few feet further along the side of the truck. Started back up the rungs.

"I ain't a cop no more because I got sick of being a party to a bunch of immoral bullshit." Christina's eyebrows nearly launched into space. "And yeah, I get it," he said. "Irony." As though he'd seen her look rather than the company logo on the side of the truck as he climbed.

"But I'm gonna dig my own goddamn grave. Ain't gonna let someone else dig it for me. I could tell you stories, make you wanna burn this whole place to the ground." 

They were having this conversation almost at a holler, what with distance and facing opposite directions, but Christina felt as though she'd pulled some lynchpin. Her normally reticent boss was rolling now, and she could only stand there and blink at the relative flood of candor.

"And you know what else I got out of the deal?" She didn't. "A brand new ex-wife."

She wasn't even pretending to clean up egg now. "You got a divorce?" Bill had an ex-wife? Who the fuck would ...

Daisy trotted between the trucks just as another tortilla fluttered down—fwap. The black glossy nose made a beeline.

"Yeah. Right after she left my ass." An elbow hauled back on broom handle. "It was like she never stopped being a teenager," he went on. "Wanted to party all the fuckin' time. When I left that job, though, the party was fuckin' over."
The yellow mutt was happily wolfing down tasty flour circles. 

"How was you being a cop a party for her?"

"Well," he said, starting another trip back down, "if you're the wife of an officer, a lot of stupid behavior gets overlooked. Normal person might get a DUI. Her?" He shook his head as he reached the ground. "No. Plus, it ain't nothin' to brag about when your husband runs a tr—goddammit dog! You're gonna get sick!"

His tail-wagging best friend looked up at him, licking her lips. Christina laughed without even hiding it. 

"Did she eat a bunch of those?" Bill asked, leaning the broom against the truck.

"I think only one or two." She leaned down to start helping Bill collect the scattered tortillas. "I don't think they'll hurt her any."

"My luck she'll get the shits at two AM."

Christina snickered. Not over the gross image of dog indigestion, but of Asshole Bill derailed from a perfectly good rant by his own goofball mutt.

He added her handful of edible vandalism to his own and walked the bunch over to the trash on the side of the shop. "You about done with the egg over there?"

Back to business, then. She sighed. "Yeah, just this one last place here." Went in for a final round with the brake fluid.

Bill came back for the ladder and moved it to the truck she was cleaning. Daisy hovered around near the tire, eyes on the broom, probably on the lookout for more mana from heaven.

"What about you?" He was climbing again.

"Mm?"

"Before," he said. "You didn't just ... materialize outta thin air and start workin' for me two years ago."

The phone rang in the office. "Hang on," she said.

I can't believe he bothered to ask.

She ducked in the front door and around the counter. "Thank you for calling Haul Ash Truck and Trailer, how may I help you?"

...

"We are open on Sunday, yes." 

...

"You're welcome. Have a good day."

Christina put her hands on the counter, eyes going unfocused as she stared out the front windows. What was she going to tell him? Had to be something. He'd told her about leaving his job and his ex-wife. 

Bare bones. That'll be enough.

She put on a neutral face when she rounded the back of the truck again. Picked up the soapy rag for the last of it.

"You're right," she said. "I didn't materialize. Had about a semester and a half left on my degree. Had to drop out and take care of my granddad."

There didn't seem to be nearly as many tortillas on top of this truck. "Why?" he asked, looking down through his armpit at her. "Why'd you 'have to'?"

It had been enough time. She could say it and be calm. "Dad passed away. There was no one else to do it. I got a couple cousins, but ... they got their own problems."

There. She stepped back to eye the side of the truck. It was egg-free, as far as Christina could tell.

"I know about relatives comin' up scarce when someone needs help. Sure do." A boot pressed onto a rung beside her head. Then another, lower. Bill leaned the broom again. "What was your degree supposed to be in?"

She snorted. "Oh, no. 'Cause I don't want to hear any shit about it."

"Come on." He put his weight on a hand on the side of the truck, and wiped his brow with the back of his other arm. "I'm not gonna say anything."

Why? Was it the show of being hot and tired? His worry about the dog? Something softened beneath her ribs. She let out a breath.

"Sociology." To his credit, not one muscle in his face twitched. "I was focusing on gerontology. Old folks."

Bill nodded. "Someone's gotta worry about old people. Might as well be you." The corners of his eyes crinkled with some kind of warmth she didn't understand, just before he tilted the ladder onto a shoulder again and headed back into the shop.

Christina looked down at the bucket. Let the rag fall into it with a splat. 

What were they doing here? Pretending like everything wasn't colossally weird? Like they were just two coworkers who hadn't sucked, fucked, and fondled all over this goddamn lot?

But his comment about irony told her he knew. This wasn't two different universes for him, either. Their whole arrangement was fucked up and wrong, but Bill didn't have to start getting nosy about her past. She'd never once seen him make small talk just to be polite.

If she subtracted the money, and added in a few other factors ...

Could his interest extend beyond convenience? Was she more to him than just a person to fuck with? Both physically and mentally? Because that was what was going on at this point. 

He was headed toward her again, aimed at retrieving the broom.

Did she want him to be interested in her?

His work shirt shifted over his chest as he walked. The normal sourness had melted away from his face. She fought down a flutter in her gut.

Was ... was she interested in Asshole Bill Marshall?

No. That wasn't a thing. Not a thing that existed in nature.

Christina. Come for me.

Unmistakable: that hum between her thighs. He grabbed up the broom, setting her nerves to jangle from a couple feet away.

OK, time for an emotional sobriety check, Dodd. What would you do? If he came over here right now. Stopped what he was doing, pushed you up against the side of this truck, and broke the very first rule you agreed on? If he tried to kiss you, what would you do?

Christina did not like her gut reaction to the pop quiz question. Not even one little bit.

"Think we oughta tackle that fenceline before lunch," he said.

She turned her head to look where he nodded. There was still toilet paper everywhere.

* * *

Christina was playing tug-o-war with the dog, a shop rag—not the brake fluid one—stretched between fist and canine jaws in the driveway of the shop. She fake-growled at the mutt, and Daisy snorted back. From the concrete running along the back of the office where he stood, one side of Bill's mouth curled down in assessment. Mostly of himself.

You're an idiot, Marshall. And you're doin' this wrong.

Yeah, all wrong. He'd been paying her for sex. Well, access, anyway. Not acting skills. She didn't need to be nice to him. Or pretend to be. Nobody ever said anything about that. 

So why was she?

And was this what he'd been wanting for months and months? Just to fuck her? Was it?

She managed to get the rag away from Daisy and ended the game with some well-placed dog butt scratching. Even got a hind leg kicking. Bill smiled from where she couldn't see, and watched her head back to the front door of the office.

He eyeballed his watch under the sun, cupping a palm around it so he could see the numbers. Nearly lunch time. 

And they were the only two there today.

So what do you want, then, Bill?

His eyes closed as he pictured it. Yup. Perfectly stupid, but maybe ...

Actions spoke louder, and he was shit with words, anyhow. Maybe it was the right way.

Bill turned and opened the door to the back half.

* * *

Something about being able to move freely around the front office in pants had at least one layer of tension melted away for Christina. She bent down to grab a stack of printer paper and didn't have to worry who she was showing her ass to while she did it.

He hadn't asked her to change after they'd finished cleaning the lot. Just went on about his day, passing through the front only a couple times, the last of which to say he was going on lunch.

She could have put the skirt back on, she supposed. Who could tell if he was going to spring some more stickler-for-the-rules bullshit at any moment? Christina frowned. Hell, maybe she ought to: avoid herself another 'incident'. 

You didn't hate it so much last time, Dodd. 

Well, at least not until the end there. She sighed and shoved the loaded paper tray back into the printer. Bill spent most of his time being a prick. A couple bouts of spontaneous humanity weren't enough to justify the way she c—

"Christina." His voice carried through from the back half.

Speak of the fucking Devil.

"Yeah," she yelled into the empty office. Blinked at the front door, waiting.

Whatever he said next came as a low tumble of sound, either not meant for her or not enough projection to pass through the wall intact. Christina grumbled a light profanity and left the counter to swing open the door.

"You talkin' to me, Bill?" Her hand was on the knob, weight on the ball of her leading foot. As though leaning in rather than committing bodily to the other room would forestall his wracking of her nerves.

"Yeah," he said. "Come in here."

It didn't.

Bill sat in one of the folding chairs at the lunch table, his back to Christina. The last nub end of some kind of sandwich rested in the shell of an open wrapper next to a bottle of water in front of him. A paperback lay face-down, cracked wide on the tabletop. The blinds were open on the back window, and the space was bright with mid-day light.

Daisy was passed out on the floor, blocking the door that led outside. The dog's upper jowl flapped in her sleep and for some reason this made Christina exhale, too. She stepped into the room. Came into Bill's periphery.

"D'you need somethin'?" She was all raised eyebrows and teetering hesitation.

He cocked his head at her. "Why'on't you come sit down." 

It wasn't a question. 

Am I in trouble?

She took a step toward the other chair, the one she usually sat at on the adjacent side of the table, but Bill's work boot came up to shove it out of the way. The rubber feet brayed over the floor. Her head swiveled on him like an owl's.

"Over here." A nod to his leg.

Fuck.

His lap? His lap?

Well, there goes the rest of the afternoon. 

Her brows came down. "Bill, no one's at the counter. Customers might come in."

"We'll hear 'em if they do," he said. "Come on." He sounded like he was explaining to someone that there were no monsters underneath the bed. All quiet patience.

On one hand, Bill had asked her for a lot worse. On the other hand, who's to say he wouldn't be doing just that five minutes from now?

"I don't ..." She worried at the fingers of her right hand with the grip of her left. Sighed through her nose. "I don't understand."

Bill only stared at her. Shoulders relaxed, palms on his thighs. "It's not that complicated," he said after a time. His voice was some blunt, steel tool, placed with a careful hand into a velvet-lined drawer. He was ... trying?

Christina swallowed. At least he wasn't trying to kiss her.

She stepped around his knee and sat on his left leg. Back straight and laced fingers wedged between her thighs. He gave an airy snort of amusement and shook his head.

When he leaned forward, pressing her arm into his chest, she almost fell off. His right hand reached past to the table and scooped up the paperback. Her boss settled back into place, his focus between pages.

He's ... gonna read?

Christina's eyes ticked around the back half. There was the bathroom door, slightly ajar. Daisy on the floor. A stack of unfolded boxes on the table by the window. Her ass in Bill's lap. His nose in a book.

Um ...

"Jesus Christ, relax," he said, without looking up. "Lean back."

Lean? It ... it was too confusing.

She did it anyway. Slow, like a trap was about to spring, but Christina did. She let herself settle into his shoulder, and the new angle of her spine made her hips twist, her legs draping over his where she'd been prim and perpendicular a minute ago. Bill's free hand slid around her waist and hung on her hip like a hat taken off at home.

The silence was going to make her wiggle right off onto the floor. He was just ... reading. Christina was lost. She punctured the surface tension.

"What book is this?"

He flipped the front cover closed with a thumb. It was a copy of Dune. And judging by the cover art, not printed at any time during this decade. Or the last.

"Nice," she said, as he went back to his place, about a third of the way through the book. "I've read it, but it's been a while." A while like 'high school' a while.

"I pick it up again every few years," he said to the pages. "I don't know if it's because I really like it that much, or my brain is just getting high off the familiarity."

Hearing him talk like this, in this quiet way, no urgency, no formality, was thawing something in her bones. She softened further into his shoulder. "You ever see that documentary? About this dude who was supposed to make the Dune movie? Before the David Lynch one got off the ground?"

He shifted the leg she wasn't sitting on and adjusted his grip on the book. "I'm not really into documentaries."

"But you've seen the movie?"

"Yeah." He brought his right arm around her and, for a moment, she was in a circle of warmth that fucked with her reality on several levels. But he was only bringing the pages to his opposite hand so he could flip to the next one. The circle broke and she corralled her thoughts.

"Then you'll like this. It was crazy. They did all this work. They'd gotten all these major celebrities to agree to be in it. It would have been nuts. I'll bring it in for you."

Bill's attention shifted, brown eyes meeting hers. The corner of his mouth turned up and Christina about wanted to die. "All right," he said. "If you want." His focus moved back to spice and spacecrafts. "Now shut up, or I'm gonna make you read this to me."

The words were playful, though, and Christina smiled. She allowed herself to sit in it. Got warm and gave herself the okay to melt a little. 

She wasn't going to stare at the side of his head, so she read along, even though they were in the middle of the book. Waited for him to turn another page when she finished before he did. Bill's hand ventured down her thigh, gave an absent squeeze, and then returned to her hip to be still.

The normalcy was almost violent in its opposition to everything else. 

Christina glanced up at the table under the back window. The feel of it pressing against her cheekbone, bruising her pelvis just a few weeks ago, still vivid and hypnotic in the theater of her mind. 

You want the rest of today off, too?

That feeling was back. Cinnamon heat between her thighs that shouldn't exist in response to an opening act like that. And now here she was. Sitting on his lap. Calm. Reading. Possibly ready to let her eyes close and take a nap.

This was the most bass-ackwards courtship she'd ever heard of in her life.

And ... and I don't hate it.

She was still adrift in impossibility when Bill twisted in the chair to see the clock. The muscles in her backside flexed to keep her from slipping to the ground.

"Lunch time's over for me," he said, leaning for the table again.

Christina was still blinking out of her stupor while her boss picked up what looked like a receipt and stuffed it between the pages for a bookmark. 

At least he didn't dogear the corner like a savage.

Then his nose brushed under her ear. She was wide awake now. 

"Thank you." Lips painted the words over the pulse in her neck, but he was already getting his feet under him to stand. 

Christina slid from his lap and the chair made a rubbery noise over the floor as he pushed it back and came to his feet. The hand that had been at her waist found the back of her neck, and Bill faced her, making way more eye contact than she could handle. His thumb grazed the base of her skull. Her lips parted.

"You should get something to eat," he said. Fingers gave a light squeeze. Bill stepped away and gathered the wrapper from his sandwich, the half-finished water bottle. He tossed his trash and stowed the book somewhere she didn't see, because it was happening behind her and Christina couldn't move.

"Eat," he said again, off to her right. The door to the front bumped shut behind him.

Christina's fingers drifted to her mouth as though something had happened there. Food. Food was supposed to be happening there, but that wasn't what she wanted. 

She turned her head to stare at the door. 

Bill Marshall needed come back in here and finish what the fuck he'd started.

There was a dry shuffle on the floor and her attention moved to Daisy. The dog stretched, front legs and back, and then gave her The Look while standing near the door, tail wagging.

She turned the knob and the mutt trotted out and began to snuffle around for a place to squat. 

At least the fucking dog'll tell me what she wants.

And there was still half of her shift left to go.

* * *