When I first started writing this series, I warned that there would be some romance in it. This is where all of that comes to a head. I've thoroughly enjoyed writing the story of the maid given over to the bandits rather than the lady or Princess captured and taken by the bandit leader. I hope you've enjoyed reading it! 

Bridget stared up into Garrett's eyes, feeling unsure of whether or not she wanted to go with him. As soon as she'd woken up this morning, memories of the night before had started pouring in. Her wanton behavior, the way she'd pleasured herself with his body, the excitement she'd felt as overcoming him. Shame suffused her and looking at him just seemed to make it worse; he was the only one who knew that she was a shameless hussy deep down, that the liquor had overcome her inhibitions and she'd become just as greedily pleasure-seeking as any man. 

Trying to reconcile that with how she'd always thought of herself was difficult. Even more so was hearing Samuel called Garrett "my Lord." What had he meant by that? And why did Garrett want to talk now?

The man in front of her had confused her emotions horribly when he'd left without a second glance. Then his announcement when he'd returned that he was leaving and he wanted to take her with him had confused her even more. On top of that was her own reaction yesterday to seeing him being put in danger by Patrick and then her shameless behavior last night. 

"Yes," she finally answered him, hugging her arms to her waist as though she could keep all of her turmoiled emotions from escaping. "We can talk."

He took her elbow in his hand, gently but firmly, and steered her away from the campfire. Was it her imagination or could she feel the other two staring curious daggers into her back? They walked off far enough that it seemed like they were the only two people in the world, to where there was a fallen tree. Garrett sat her down on the tree and began to pace back and forth in front of her, not looking at her. She wanted to break the tense silence but she had no idea what to say to him. 

"I'm sorry I had to leave you the other day," he said finally, making her jump and stare at him. Whatever she had expected, an apology wasn't the first thing! "I didn't want to, but I didn't have a choice."

"Because of Patrick?" she asked, somewhat bewildered, considering that Garrett hadn't been at all adverse about confronting the leader yesterday. 

He laughed, but it was a harsh sound, without any real humor in it. "No. Because... argh. This is harder than I thought." Rubbing his hands through his dark hair, he looked at her, his expression so confused that she almost felt like reaching out and comforting him, but she stopped herself. Instincts like that could get her into trouble. "I said we were going to England. That's my home. My father... I work for the government. Sort of. Unofficially. I go into other countries and gather information... sometimes other things."

"You're a spy?" she asked, incredulously. What was a spy doing with a bunch of bandits? A spy and possibly an assassin. She hadn't missed the way his voice had darkened when he'd referenced 'other things.' A trickle of fear ran through her as she realized that this was information that she probably shouldn't have, that he would and could kill her for if he deemed it necessary. 

"Yes. Some of the time. I'm whatever they need me to be." His voice was quiet, reflective.

"Are you really a Lord?"

"No. Not really." He sighed. "My father is a Duke, but I was born on the wrong side of the sheets. He would have acknowledged me, but since he is in charge of gathering information for the King, I ended up doing something much more useful than providing him with another extraneous son. I have three legitimate brothers - had three. Now I have two." His eyes darkened in sorrow and Bridget felt her heart ache for him a little at the obvious grief and anger on his face, even though she was still feeling frightened for herself. "About three and a half years ago my brother Arden was murdered on a diplomatic mission to France. We suspected that his death was not at the hands of the French alone but was also done as a message to my father about some of the advice that he was giving the king. Someone on our side must have colluded with the French to make Arden's death possible. So my father sent me here."

Garrett began pacing again, silent and filled with nervous energy. Despite the fact that he was spilling more information, Bridget felt her fear waning. It certainly didn't seem like this was information he didn't want her to know. 

"Why bandits?" she asked, partly because she was curious and partly because she couldn't stand the silence. 

"Samuel's one of my father's agents," he said, half-smiling at her aghast look. "He's been in our employ for years and he has a knack for picking up the most incredible amount of information. Besides, bandits move fast and often and no one is going to think of a bandit as being a spy. Or the son of a Duke posing as a bandit, bastard or not. I've been traveling with him and the others for about three years now, collecting information on who was part of the conspiracy that assassinated Arden on both the French and English side. The nobleman's house that we robbed these past two days was the leader on the French side and I needed documents that he supposedly had, Samuel heard about them... well... somewhere."

"Did he have them?" Almost against her will, Bridget found herself completely enthralled by this tale of intrigue. Although she'd sometimes suspected that there was more to Garrett than met the eye, she certainly hadn't suspected anything like this. 

"He did." The look of triumph on his face was both gleeful and vengeful, a terrifying expression that would have had her running if it had been directed at her. His fists clenched and unclenched by his side as if he was already thinking about how he would repay those who had killed his brother. "He had more than we'd hoped for. Not just the names of all those involved, but letters in their own writing, information about other plots, and a detailed accounting of all the information, money and incidentals that some of our supposedly loyal English nobles provided to the French over the past years."

"He kept that all in one place?" Bridget was aghast at the stupidity of the man. Garrett laughed, this time with real amusement behind it. 

"Ah, pride goeth before a fall. He thought no one knew who he was or would think to look at his most out of the way house, that he had the perfect hiding place, and that no one would ever be able to break into it. And he was wrong on all counts." Grinning, Garrett looked almost like a young man who had just been given his first accolade. "Now I just need to get back to England before he arrives at his manor house and sends out messengers to warn his compatriots. I want them to face the King's justice, not flee with their hides intact." Now his face darkened again, becoming implacable. Bridget shivered and her movement caught his attention. Immediately his expression softened and he walked towards her, uncertainty creeping back into his eyes. "I'd like you to come with me. I'm... I'm not sure what you might think of me considering... I did what I had to do to bring Arden's murderers to justice. I don't have a better excuse than that. I had to fit in with the other men. But... I do care about you." He took a breath, watching her expression which she felt had frozen onto her face. "Deeply. I would like you to come home with me and... and make it your home. Allow me to court you."

The wind seemed to be knocked out of her.

"Are you still going to be a spy?" It was the most innocuous question she could ask under the circumstances. And she wasn't ready to answer him in any way. It seemed that in a matter of minutes her entire world had been turned upside down and she could barely think.

"Not if you were to come with me. It's about time I resigned anyway. I'd like to settle on an estate that my father has settled on me. It's not huge but it's large enough to support me and my family."

The way he was looking at her was so earnest and honest, it completely disarmed her. And so hopeful. But her tongue seemed stuck to the roof of her mouth. After all, how could she forgive him for all the indignities she'd suffered? Not just at the hands of the others, but his as well. He'd been the one to capture her in the first place! And now he wanted her to come home with him, as his wife? Or at least to court... 

Her head pounded as if resolving into a terrible headache.

"I can't think," she said finally, rubbing at her temples. Tears had sprung into her eyes and she wasn't entirely sure why.

Immediately Garrett was beside her, taking her hands in his and replacing her fingers with his own. Closing her eyes she allowed him to massage her head, hating the way it felt so comforting. "You don't need to answer me now. I just wanted to tell you. And ask you to think about it. I've never met another woman who was so strong, who has spirit like yours. I admire everything about you, Bridget."

"Were there other women? In my situation?" She kept her eyes closed not wanting to see his face, but she could feel his hesitation.

"Yes."

"What happened to them?"

"I helped them escape. Patrick had started to suspect, which is why he kept such a close eye on you and Eleanor. They both spent several days with us, because it was easier to help them get away when we were close to a city or town where someone could hide them. I... will admit that it has grown harder for me in the past few years to be a good man. But you make me want to be one." His voice dropped almost to a whisper. "You're so good, so pure of heart. Even in captivity you view the world with enjoyment and eager eyes, finding the best in every situation. It makes me want to be near you, to protect you." Misery crept into his tone. "I did the best I could. I know it wasn't enough, but I hope that one day you'll find it in your heart to forgive me."

Part of her wanted to forgive him right now, after hearing those beautiful words, but she didn't. Instead she opened her eyes and gently removed his hands. "I'll think about it."

Nodding his head, as if he knew that was all he could expect from her, Garrett looked up through the trees at the sun. "We should get back to camp. I don't want to leave the Princess alone with Samuel for too long."

"What, you mean he's not a hero in disguise either?" Her voice was slightly bitter, which made him give her a sharp look but he didn't say anything about it.

"No, he's exactly the way he acts unfortunately. But he's a good agent."

Pursing her lips, not wanting to say anything more on the subject, Bridget followed him in silence.

********

Garrett resolved to leave Bridget alone for the rest of the day to give her time to think about what he'd said. It wasn't easy though, because he found that he was terrified she wouldn't be interested in coming with him and being afraid didn't sit so well with him. Then again, perhaps it was a kind of retribution for the fear she'd probably felt during the time she'd spent with the bandits.

She sat on a log near the fire, staring out into space and he hoped that she was seriously considering his proposal. While he might not be the man he used to be, if she was willing to come home with him he'd make it his life's goal to return to the honorable, moral man that he'd been ten years ago, and to making her happy. He regretted that his mother had passed away; she would have liked Bridget. Although if his mother hadn't passed away then his father would have never found out about him and he wouldn't have the job he did now and wouldn't have met Bridget. 

Keeping a careful eye on her as she walked down to the river, even though he doubted she'd try to escape right now since she had nowhere to go to, he discussed plans with Samuel. Somehow they needed to get the Princess back towards some kind of civilization and he wanted to know if Samuel would stay with them long enough to do that. On the other hand, if he did, Samuel would want access to the women. Last night Garrett had been willing to ignore that, today, with his new found resolve to become a man deserving of Bridget, he knew he couldn't let that situation continue. 

Fortunately Samuel had simple needs. Money, women and alcohol. Give him a bit more money, which Garrett didn't need anyway although it would help with traveling back home in comfort, and he found that adequate compensation for the lack of a woman for the night. Although he wasn't willing to stay on longer if there were two women around that he couldn't have

"I'll stay with you till we reach town tomorrow," Samuel said. "Then I'll be on my way."

"I mean to send the Princess into town, if there are any soldiers there, to take her back where she belongs," warned Garrett. "I'll wait until just before suppertime, but you'll want to have left by then."

Sighing, Samuel nodded, scratching his chin. "She's not nearly as much fun as your little maid anyway."

Garrett bristled a little, but he didn't take offense. After all, he was getting what he wanted and he definitely didn't want to start an unnecessary fight with Samuel. It didn't matter what Samuel said anymore, he'd promised to keep his hands off Bridget and that was that. Tomorrow he wouldn't have to deal with the other man any longer either. He just hoped that Bridget would be willing to at least keep traveling with him after tomorrow. Although he would give her the option of going to the town with the Princess. It would be up to her.

******

Things had gotten boring, Eleanor noted sourly. Her body had become accustomed to pleasure and pain and she was craving it now. Needing it. Especially since there was nothing else to do. Her whore of a maid had wandered down to the river they'd camped near and was just barely visible through the trees. Garrett kept looking down there as if he make sure that she was still there. But the slut hadn't had the courage to try an escape in the first place, not like Eleanor, so why would she now? She obviously liked everything that had been done to her. Maybe he was worried that if she disappeared then he'd have to share Eleanor with Samuel. 

Smiling, she smugly thought about how Samuel had left her alone all day today. It was obviously Garrett's turn with her. And maybe she could convince him to do away with Samuel and the maid and just keep her. He was some kind of nobility, after all. Samuel's voice had only been half in jest when he had called Garrett that. Perhaps if Garrett was pleasurable enough then she would keep him by her side as a favored courtier once she was installed in her rightful place at court. Although she hadn't been able to hear everything the men were talking about, she knew that Garrett wanted to get her back to where she belonged.

It would be nice to have a husband. Hopefully one that was as attractive as Patrick or Garrett and as skilled at satisfying the needs of her body. 

As she mused over the near future, she saw Samuel and Garrett wrapping up their conversation. Samuel ignored her and began sharpening his knife. Garrett looked down at the whore-maid again, still standing by the river, before glancing at her. He gave her a nod and she smiled at him, before he turned away and went to the tent.

A summons! Finally. Excitement welled between her legs. While she'd enjoyed Patrick's heavy handedness and the way he picked her up or dragged her around, the way that Garrett had just nodded at her and expected her to follow made her just as excited. The man didn't need to be overbearing physically, he just had the kind of aura that made people want to obey. Even Princesses. Licking her lips, she walked towards the tent, slowly undoing the laces on her bodice. Reaching the opening, she walked in to find Garrett with his shirt already off, his impressively muscular chest on display. 

He looked up at her and frowned and she smiled, realizing that he must want her clothes off immediately. Good thing she'd already loosened them, not that they were in very good condition anyway. Smiling even wider, she let her dress fall. 

"I'm ready," she purred, stepping forward.

*******

It was impossible not to feel Garrett's eyes on her, Bridget reflected as she stared at the river. It wasn't very fast moving and there were little minnows swimming in the shallows. Every time she looked up through the trees she could see him standing there, watching. Part of her felt intruded upon, part of her felt safer knowing that he was watching.

Maybe the problem wasn't Garrett, maybe the problem was her. How could she react to him the way that she did? Why did she care so much about whether or not he cared for her? Silly question. But she wasn't ready to admit to the answer yet. Scowling, she threw a rock into the water, watching the ripples that it made in its aftermath. That was how Garrett was with her. Every time she made a decision, every time her feelings settled, he through in a rock and caused a whole new set of thoughts and possibilities to assail her. It was incredibly frustrating. 

Glancing up, she felt as though she could actually see his dark eyes staring down at her. So she stared back at him. Challengingly. After a moment he moved away. She sighed. Was that what she had wanted? Partially. The other part of her had wanted him to come down her and talk her into going with him. Maybe even start courting her. Immediately. 

Perhaps she should go and talk to him. She had thought of more questions - like what they would do if she was with child, which after the past few weeks was a distinct possibility - while she was down by the river. 

Making her way back up the hill to the campsite, she barely noticed her surroundings, which was unusual for her. In fact, it wasn't until she got closer to Garrett's tent and heard the Princess' lilting voice that she realized all three of her companions had disappeared. 

"I swear, if you don't do as I say, I will lose my patience and strap your ass until you can't sit for a week," Garrett's voice growled.

"Yes, my Lord," the Princess said with a moan.

She didn't know what made her do it, she didn't know why she didn't run just then, or go back down to the river, but it was as if she had to see it with her own two eyes so that she would never, ever be fooled by him again. It wasn't enough to hear the words, she needed to witness. To know, for certain. 

"Don't call me that!" snapped Garrett at the same time that Bridget snapped the tent flap open. They were standing in the middle of the tent, Garrett holding the Princess' hands above her head, stretching out her naked body so that she was up on her tiptoes, her breasts brushing against his naked chest, they were standing so close. The Princess had her head tilted back, obviously waiting for a kiss. The marks from Patrick's abuse were clear on her creamy skin, but they didn't detract from her beauty, and obviously Garrett didn't think so either. He turned his head with a snarl on his face, saw her, and the snarl melted from his face. He looked absolutely horrified to see her standing there.

As well he should.

He'd tricked her again. No, she'd tricked herself. After all, she hadn't agreed to go with him and he had never said he wouldn't make the offer to the Princess as well. Once again she'd been trapped by her own assumptions, her own wistful desires. Fury and hurt assaulted her like red, jagged streaks into her body, and it was only then that she realized she was running. Running away, through the forest, with no idea of what direction she'd gone in or where she was going to; she only knew that she had to get away before she did something stupid, like trusting Garrett again. It was emotional survival. The whipping branches of the trees that she passed, the rocks and roots beneath her feet, stung and bit at her skin and the pain felt good. For the first time she wished that Patrick was still around; then he could whip her and hurt her until she didn't feel this great ripping pain in her chest anymore. Garrett's voice still echoed in her ears, calling out her name, and she ran even harder, trying to outrun the emotional pit that she'd fallen into.
********

It was better than watching a play.

First the little maid stood in the door way of the tent and then all of the sudden she was tearing away and running for all she was worth, straight into the forest. His muscles tensed as his instincts screamed to run after her... if Garrett didn't... but then the other man came bursting out of the tent, wearing nothing but breeches, and looked around frantically. Hiding his smile, Samuel stood so that Garrett could see him clearly and pointed to the direction the little maid had gone in. A tracker like Garrett wouldn't need more than that. 

With a quick wave of thanks to Samuel, Garrett was off and running after the little maid, not bothering to pause for a shirt or anything else. A moment later the Princess stepped out of the tent, completely buck naked and looking furious. Samuel laughed and she turned her head towards him, glaring through the momentary fear that he saw flicker across his face. 

Well here was one last service he could do for Garrett and the little maid. 

Grinning toothily, knowing exactly how people reacted to his cruel smile, he began to walk towards the Princess at a slow and steady pace, circling around slightly so that she would go in the direction that he wanted - and away from Garrett and the maid.  

"Run," he said just loudly enough for him to hear. She started to step towards the tent and he shook his head. "If you don't, I'll tie you up to a horse and send you through town as you are. This is your only chance, Princess. Run."

She ran. Away from him, and since he'd angled himself well, away from Garrett and the maid. The sight of her bouncing buttocks, her flashing legs, was enough to get his blood up, especially since he'd already squelched his instinct to run after the little maid. Laughing happily he began to the chase, jogging fast enough that he could keep the out of shape woman in his sights, but not so fast that it would be over too soon. After all, this time he wanted to completely exhaust her, because he planned on leaving her wherever she fell after he'd had his fun. He'd make sure to catch her close enough to town that she'd be able to make it there on her own, although he smirked to think of how she'd deal with the fact that she was bare as a babe. 

Unfortunately his plans were upset when she ran almost smack dab into a small group of soldiers. Cursing, he faded back and off to the side, not wanting the get too close. They had surrounded her on their horses, talking to the naked woman. And, true to form, the saucy cunt was standing proudly in the center of them, probably demanding her rights as royalty. Samuel's mouth quirked. Not only was she an idiot, but she was in a worse situation than she probably realized. Obviously no one had taught her to recognize uniforms.

Those weren't French or English soldiers, those were Spanish. If she even was a Princess, which Samuel had his doubts of although he knew that Garrett seemed to believe it - mostly because of Bridget, these were not soldiers who were going to be inclined to help her under normal circumstances, much less finding her naked and running through the woods. 

Ah well. He'd already planned to leave her to her fate. Chuckling softly to himself, he watched as one of the men hopped down from his horse and bound the fighting woman's wrists behind her back before helping to lift her face down over the leader's saddle, her head and legs hanging off either side. The man's hand rested on her fine rump as they began to ride again, coming down with a hard slap, probably to try and shut up her screeching. Samuel laughed and headed back to the camp. 

At least now he could take his time about finding a woman in town, he mused as he packed up his things and his payments. Maybe he could even find one as delightful as the little maid. He'd found that he rather liked how excited she got about running from him and fighting him. It was a new experience to have a woman enjoy that and he had to admit that perhaps Garrett was right about a woman's pleasure increasing a man's. Samuel just had to find the right kind of woman. 

Looking around, he didn't see any sign of Garrett and the maid. Ah well. Hopefully they were working things out. If not maybe he'd find the little maid later and take her for himself. Samuel had grown more attached to her than he ever had to any other woman. In the meantime, he'd look for one like her. 

He made a small trail sign, indicating that he'd gone to town, in case Garrett wanted to find him later and saddled up his horse. With one last glance off in the direction that Garrett and the maid had gone in, Samuel headed in the direction of other women and beer.

********

Not for the first time, Garrett cursed the Princess as he ran after Bridget. Fortunately Samuel had pointed him in the correct direction; at first Garrett hadn't been sure whether or not to trust the other man, but as soon as he'd headed the way Samuel indicated he'd seen signs of quick passage. He was following her as quickly as he could, ignoring the stinging on his chest as he was scratched and whipped in his haste. Broken branches, deep footprints where there was dirt, a thoroughly scuffed path, displaced leaves and plants... she'd made it incredibly easy to follow her, but he didn't fool himself into thinking that it was because she wanted him to. The look on her face... pain pierced his chest like a lance. He never wanted to see that expression on her face, ever. 

While watching her down at the river he'd decided that he wanted to go join her but he didn't want her to feel pressured to talk to him, so he'd hit upon the excuse of needing to wash his clothes. He'd decided to take off his shirt and wash that too, in order to have as large a bundle of clothing to wash as possible. To spend as much time down there as possible. Instead the Princess had followed him into the tent and then dropped her dress, practically throwing her naked body at him.

Although he thought she was an attractive woman, he found her personality repellant, and he was definitely not interested in engaging in any kind of intimacies with her. While he might enjoy a light spanking now and then and mixing just a little bit of pain with his pleasure, the Princess' tastes ran so far beyond his that even if he wasn't enamored of Bridget he wouldn't be interested in the Princess. He'd managed to push her away, keeping her away from him by trapping her wrists and holding them above her head. For some reason his rejection of her only seemed to make her more insistent until he'd lost his patience and threatened to strap her. Which, of course, had made her eyes light up and he'd been cursing himself for the useless threat when Bridget had opened the flap to the tent and seen them.

Suddenly he had been even more angry at himself for threatening to strap the Princess, because Bridget knew the woman's proclivities as well as he did and from the way he'd been restraining the Princess in the tent combined with the threat... well he could understand why Bridget thought what she had, although he wished she'd stayed put so that he could explain. Now he was running after her through the woods and worrying that she might trip and hurt herself or step on a sharp rock or any number of things.

At least she couldn't get lost, because he wouldn't let her. He would find her and bring her back to the camp, although he was quite sure that she was going to choose to go to town and leave him tomorrow. And then he would have to choose between hanging around and trying to get her to change her mind and returning home with the documents so that they could bring the traitorous nobles to justice. 

Chasing after her, Garrett called her name until his voice was hoarse. And when he came upon her it was so suddenly that he almost ran right past her. Skidding to a stop, he fell down on all fours onto the ground beside where she was sitting, curled into a ball with her head between her knees. 

"Bridget? Bridget, sweetheart, are you alright? Are you hurt?" Frantically, Garrett began checking over her, only to be halted when she slapped him across the face. 

"Of course I'm not alright!" She lifted her tear-stained face to his and glared. 

"Sweetheart, it wasn't what it looked like, I promise," he said, pleading and ignoring the stinging in his cheek where she'd slapped him. He hadn't known she had such a strong arm. But it didn't matter and he didn't begrudge her the hit. Gathering her into his arms, he held her close to his chest, ignoring the small fist that pounding against his bare skin. The way he was holding her didn't give her much room for leverage so she couldn't get another good hit in. "Please just listen to me... I know what it looked like, but it wasn't. She followed me into the tent and took off her dress before I could stop her, I was holding her away from me and I got so frustrated with how she was behaving that I threatened to strap her, but believe me, I get no pleasure from strapping a woman - even one who wants it - and I have no interest in her."

There was a long moment of silence.

"How do I know that I can believe you?" demanded Bridget. "I can't believe you don't find her attractive. She's beautiful."

Garrett snorted. "Her body and face are fair enough, but she's a viper. And I have no interest in laying with a viper."

Lifting her head, Bridget glared at him. "You had no problem the night that Patrick gave her to you."

"To us, you mean," Garrett said, stressing the 'us'. He lifted an eyebrow at her. "I suppose you wouldn't believe me if I said I didn't lay with her that night either? I did my duty to preserve my identity when Patrick ordered me to participate, but beyond what you saw in the tent I didn't touch her. I didn't want to. I sat outside and listened to... well, I wanted to make sure that you were safe."

"Did you want to at first?"

He sighed, but he wanted Bridget to trust him and that meant telling the truth. "Of course. As you said, she's beautiful. But the more I got to know the two of you, the less beautiful she became. I was not unhappy that Patrick took her for himself, not when we had you - although I would have preferred not to share - and after a few days I was relieved that we had you and that Patrick had her."

Staring up at him, she examined his face as if looking for signs of the truth or lies. Finally she looked away, out into the forest.

"My feet hurt," she said in a small voice.

Part of him wanted to demand to know if she believed him, but he figured she'd already had enough of demands from him. She'd need more time. "Then I will carry you back to the camp."

Standing, he pulled her into his arms with minimal protest, her head nestled against his shoulder, one arm beneath her knees and the other behind her back. She was lighter than she should be and resolved to get her more food from now on. The way her head lay trustingly against his body gave him hope that perhaps she did believe him. 

Doing his best to ignore his automatic reaction to having her soft, warm body in his arms, Garrett began the trek back to camp.

*********

The walk back gave Bridget plenty of time to ponder her actions. Confusion still overwhelmed her. Of course she wanted to believe Garrett, but she wasn't sure if her desire to believe him was negatively affecting her wits. It was as if all the mental and emotional turmoil of her time since her capture was all descending now, as if everything that she should have been feeling every day was suddenly tumbling down on her all at once. She didn't know who to trust or what to believe, she only knew that she was confused and upset and that she didn't know what was to become of her now. 

Going on with the Princess was an impossibility. Garrett was right, the woman was a viper. But she didn't know of a way of life other than being a maid and she had no idea how to find a position in a strange house without anyone who knew her nearby. Would Garrett give her money to go home? Possibly. Except that he wanted to keep her with him, he said. Could she see herself being courted by Garrett, possibly becoming his wife? She made a face into his shoulder. All too easily. At the same time though, she wasn't sure that was truly what he wanted as well. 

It all came down to whether or not she could trust him. Events could have happened the way he claimed. Now that her emotions had calmed somewhat, her body too tired to maintain her anger and dismay, logic was slowly reasserting itself. After all, now that she had time to think about it, she'd never noticed that Garrett had the same predilections as Patrick, and those activities were obviously what the Princess had enjoyed. If Garrett wanted to do those things, wouldn't he have done them with her while he had the chance? Samuel certainly hadn't been shy about claiming her in his preferred way. Neither had Garrett, supposedly, and his way had been almost pure pleasure for her.

Thinking to the future was muddling with her head. Before all she'd thought about was escape. Now her options were so much more varied and so much more complex. How could she forgive Garrett for what he'd been party to? On the other hand, she could admire his loyalty to his family. Unless that was all another act. But if she didn't accompany him home to England, would she ever know? She wanted so much to trust him, it would be so easy to believe everything he said because it was what she wanted to hear. Well, most of it anyway. 

On the other hand, what reason did he have to lie to her now? 

None as far as she knew. Unless he wanted her to accompany him willingly. But why would he try to convince her to accompany him willingly if that would only lead to the revelation of falsehoods? Oh... her thoughts were running around in circles and none of them seemed to make any true sense. So she gave up and leaned into Garrett, enjoying the feel of his smooth, slightly damp skin against her cheek. She'd become very good at living in the moment, not thinking about the future, and for right now it seemed easiest to just fall into that peace again. There'd be time to face the future soon enough.

The immediate future became much more pressing when they returned to the camp and found half of the belongings, Samuel and the Princess gone. Garrett sat Bridget down and made sure she was comfortable before he began to pace around the campsite, muttering under his breath and staring off into the woods. Next to the fire pit there was a small pile of wood and stones that he stared at for a long time before growling and curse. 

"We have to go into town," he announced. 

"Why?" asked Bridget. While she'd been sitting and watching him pace she'd come to the conclusion that whatever she decided eventually, for now she wanted to know what was going on and why she was doing the things she was doing. Also, questioning Garrett would tell her more about him as a man. Would he be angry? Insulted? Not care?

It seemed the third. 

"This is from Samuel," he said with a nod at the little stick and stone pile as he began to gather their things. "It's a trail marker that says he's headed in the direction that I happen to know town is in."

"Is the Princess with him?"

"I don't know." As he turned away he muttered something that sounded suspiciously like 'I hope not' under his breath. 

Bridget decided that she would go to town. As soon as she stood up to help, Garrett snapped at her to sit back down.

"I'm fine," she said stoutly. "And I'll have plenty of time to rest my feet while we're riding unless you're planning on making me walk."

He glared at her, but left it alone after that, mumbling under his breath about how he was trying to help her. It wasn't until Bridget went to load a pack onto a horse that she noticed there were three of them instead of four. When Garrett joined her and saw the same thing, his lips tightened and she knew they were both thinking the same thing. Who had the other horse? It must be Samuel, but then where was the Princess?

Bridget supposed it was too much to hope that the other woman had gone into the river and been carried away.

********

For the first time in her life, the Princess Eleanor felt fear. The soldiers around her were speaking in Spanish and she cursed herself for not having recognized their accents before. The captain had her over his lap, which was distinctly uncomfortable and made more so by his caresses. Unfortunately, her body was also aroused by the vulnerability of her situation and the rope around her wrists, which meant that when he pushed his thick fingers into her pussy, she was wet for him. He laughed and showed his glistening fingers to the rest of the troop, who all laughed as well and called her a puta. She hadn't heard the word before, but she didn't need a translator to tell her it's meaning.

"I am not!" she twisted her head around to glare at the Captain. "I am the Princess Eleanor and you will regret this!"

The captain laughed as he smacked her ass, hard enough to make her squeal, and the space between her legs throbbed with need. "Ah yes, a Princess who runs naked through the woods. Very convincing."

"I told you, I was captured by bandits and I escaped! What are you, deaf or just an idiot?" 

His hand came down again, harder, and she shuddered with delight as the hard smack sent a thrill of excitement through her. 

"We will see," he said calmly.

She didn't understand that until they returned to their camp, which was outside of a nearby town. Wistfully she looked at the walls of the town, wishing that she'd made it there. Cursing Samuel, Garrett and her whore of a maid, all of whom played a part in her current predicament. What had gone wrong with Garrett? She still wasn't quite sure why he'd rushed out after the maid when they were just starting to get somewhere. He'd been about to strap her, which she had been quite excited about, and then he was running after that other tart. Perhaps an overblown sense of duty to anyone in his care. Although he really should have let Samuel catch her, that was obviously his thing. 

When they reached the camp, the captain jumped her off of his saddle and she fell in the dirt, glaring up at him. The captain gestured to a man who looped a rope around her neck and then tugged her to her feet. 

"How dare you?" she asked, outraged. "I am a PRINCESS!"

The captain stared at her for a long moment, giving her the first really good look she'd had at him. He was swarthy and dark with a long patrician nose, black browns and hair and chocolate colored eyes that looked her over coldly. It was obvious that his uniform was not padded in any way, he was extremely muscular with very broad shoulders. If he wasn't a Spaniard she might have thought him wildly attractive. 

"Put her in the stocks," he said finally.

Her shrill screams were cut off by the rope around her neck as the other man half-dragged her away. They manhandled her into the uncomfortable wooden stocks so that she was bent over, still naked, her head and hands secured by the heavy wood while her breasts dangled beneath her. The men - there couldn't have been more than ten - had gathered around, laughing and watching, interspersed with a few women. Obviously whores, probably from the nearby town. Heat gathered in her face and chest, the overwhelming urge to cry, and she realized that this must be what shame felt like. 

Then she saw the Captain coming towards her, a long leather strap in his hand and her body quivered. Stepping in front of her, he put the leather strap under her chin and lifted her head. 

"You will tell me who you really are, or I will beat it out of you," he said conversationally.

"I am Princess Eleanor, daughter of King Pierre and Queen Maria of France," she said, regaining some of her hauteur. "And you are an imbecile."
The Captain smiled and walked around behind her. She heard the whistling of the strap moving through the air before it slammed into her buttocks and she screamed. He hit hard, so hard, without any warm up as Patrick usually did, and it felt so, so good. If she hadn't been panting through the pain, she would have laughed. The man obviously thought he had the upper hand, but he didn't know Eleanor. 

"Who are you?" he asked again, as if one hit would make a difference.

"Princess Eleanor, daughter of-" she cut off with a cry as the strap came down hard across the back of her thighs. Her lower body danced to try and ease the smarting, stinging pain, even as the rest of her gloried in the throbbing ache. Clenching her fists, she bit back a moan as she felt her insides spasm, her hips rocking back and offering up her curvy buttocks for another hit. It came fast and hard and she cried out again.

"I will stop when you tell me the truth," the captain said calmly. And then he began to beat her in earnest. Eleanor screamed and danced, her hips working as she offered up her bottom again and again. It felt like one large throbbing mass of fiery flesh and her pussy clenched in rhythm with the pulsing pain, until suddenly the Captain stopped.

"Did she piss herself?" she heard one of the other men ask, his voice cutting through the hazy fog of pleasure mixed with pain that she was wrapped in. 

There was a pause and then a bark of laughter. "No, the slut's drenched." Another longer pause and then the Captain was kneeling in front of her, his face staring up into hers. Eleanor's eyes were swollen from crying, but she was lost in a haze of pleasure, so close to orgasm that she was ready to start begging him to strap her again. "So you like the pain, do you?" His voice was soft, almost tender. "Then you will enjoy the Spanish. We have many... tools to use on women such as yourself. You will be greatly prized as a whore for us."

"I am the Princess Eleanor," she said and shuddered as she felt a man's hand on her breast, tugging harshly at her nipple.

"You are a whore and you shall be used like one," he said. 

Before she could respond, something tight gripped her nipple, crushing the tender bud and Eleanor screamed. For a moment she danced, before realizing that the pain only increased as her breasts flopped around beneath her, and then with a short sob she forced herself to hold still and the pain faded just a little bit. As soon as she was still she looked down into the Captain's face, which was grinning at her.

"Ready to tell the truth yet?"

"I am telling you the truth," she said, although she couldn't work up any anger right now. The throbbing pain in her breast had heated her core and all she could think about was how much she wanted to be fucked. Fingers pinched at her other nipple and she moaned, her body trembling. This time she knew what to expect and she held still, breathing through the pain, her eyes glazing as she teetered on the edge of climax. 

The captain stood and walked back around behind her. Only a moment later, a cock was thrusting roughly into her overheated tunnel, filling her completely and she screamed in ecstasy as her body spasmed around the rutting Captain. He fucked her hard and fast, his hand coming down hard on her already bruised buttocks and sending her into new heights of pleasure as her orgasm went on and on...

With every hard thrust her breasts flopped, her nipples protesting the abuse, sharp pains shooting through her, and her pussy only clasped the Captain tighter, the hot friction bringing her even more pleasure as he rutted her hard. By the time she felt him shooting his seed inside of her she'd lost track of her orgasms.

Another hard cock replaced his, pushing into her as soon as she was empty, and she moaned. Behind her a line had formed, all ten of the men with this particular troop. The captain came back around to stand in front of her, watching as she was fucked by each of his men. 

Halfway through they took off whatever was on her nipples and she screamed again as blood flowed back into the tender buds. They felt swollen to twice their size and the men took great pleasure in tugging and twisting the sensitive nubbins. The entire time, the Captain directed the entire flow of men, standing over her with his arms crossed on his chest, so that every time she looked up he filled her vision. 

Once the last man was through with her, she was taken down from the stocks, her pussy gaping and overflowing with seed. It spilled down her legs and dropped to the ground beneath her. She felt muzzy and drained from overuse and too many climaxes. Two men, one holding each of her arms, helped her to kneel in front of the Captain. The Captain put his fingers beneath her chin and tilted her head back to look up at him, his dark eyes cold and calculating. It send a shiver down her spine. She couldn't take much more of this, not without food or water or sleep. Her body was exhausted, begging for rest, and her pussy felt swollen and chafed from the amount of cocks that she'd serviced. 

Patrick had given her a taste of being a common whore when she had tried to escape, but he had known her true worth. This man in front of her, he denied her heritage and gave her over to common soldiers without a second thought. There was none of the special treatment, no acknowledgment of her status. Because to this man she wasn't a Princess.

"What is your name?" he asked. 

She licked her lips.

"What is your name?"

"Eleanor," she said softly. 

His lips twitched, as if he wanted to smile. 

"Good girl. Eleanor, I now claim you as my own personal whore." He stood again, undoing his breeches and shoving his cock in her face. It was half hard and still smelled of her sex juices. Gripping her hair, he pushed his cock into her mouth and it began to thicken and lengthen as he continued to speak, his hips thrusting in as he fucked her mouth. "Your only duty will be to please me, whether that be by sucking my cock or fucking all of my men, that will be what you will do. I am now your Lord and Master."

The soft noises she made might have been an attempt to speak or they might have just been an attempt to remove him from where he was lodged in her throat. With the other two men holding her arms, she had no way of controlling the rough treatment of her mouth. Her new Lord and Master eyed the two men that were holding her.

"In fact, once I'm done with your mouth, you will suck these two off to show my gratitude for their current assistance." Eleanor gargled around the cock in her throat as he smiled down at her, looking pleased. "And then we will eat and retire."

Five years later the 'Lady' Eleanor was one of the most greatly admired and coveted mistresses of the Spanish military officers, but her favors could only be acquired through the permission of her Lord and Master. She no longer thought of herself as a Princess at all, indeed, she found she was far happier being her Master's whore.

**********

Blaine awoke to an aching head and body. He felt as if someone had pummeled him. Which, someone had. What the hell had happened? The tension between Garrett and Patrick would have been obvious to a blind man, but he hadn't expected Samuel to take Garrett's side. Personally Blaine hadn't had any fondness for any of them, but he had been willing to continue following Patrick. After all, following Patrick had made him rich. 

Rolling onto his side, Blaine forced himself to his feet, finding his flask at his side. He took a long pull of it, letting the alcohol burn off some of the fuzziness that he still felt. Grappling with Samuel was not an experience that he ever wanted to repeat. Wincing, he rotated his shoulder, feeling the ache in the joint from where Samuel had wrenched his arm. Damn the man.

Looking around, Blaine was surprised to see that he hadn't been completely deserted. The horses and tents were gone, but there was some food left, some packs with the clothes, and - most shockingly of all - his share of the booty that they'd collected. In fact, his things hadn't been touched at all. For a long moment Blaine just stood there, staring.

They had left him with everything he needed to survive. Not just that, but they hadn't stolen from him. Frowning, he began to gather his things, mulling over events in his head. By the time he was completely packed he had come to several decisions. There was no point in chasing after them. After all, they'd hardly trust him now, and with them on horses and him on foot he'd never catch them. There was also no point in trying to get any kind of revenge. He didn't feel any particular loyalty to Patrick, especially now that he was a corpse. 

Wincing again, Blaine began walking, figuring he'd get as far as he could before nightfall. Perhaps it was time to retire from this game. The reason he'd begun this career was because it was a quick and easy way to get rich, but it was also a gamble, and any good card player knew what it was time to leave the table. And Blaine considered himself a very good card player.

With the booty that he'd collected he could easily return to his hometown, laden with 'treasure' from his travels, and set himself up in a house. Maybe even get a wife. He wouldn't mind having a woman around to fuck on a regular basis, as long as she was quiet and didn't bother him. The little maid had been nearly perfect like that. Too bad they hadn't left her behind. Part of the appeal of offing Garrett had been knowing that there would be one less person to share her with. But what would he do? Well, with the money he had, perhaps he could buy that inn that he always wanted. And then hire others to run it for him. Reap the rewards without having to run his fingers to the bone with work. That was the whole point of amassing the amount of money he had anyway.

Plus then he could hire some likely wenches, for serving and extras. And, of course, as owner, he would be able to avail himself of those extras when he wanted. A whole innful of compliant wenches. Hmm. He liked this idea. Maybe he wouldn't need a wife after all.

Happy now, knowing what he wanted, Blaine trudged through the forest, away from his life of crime and into the future.

*******

They found Samuel in one of the three taverns in town, drinking and dicing. Garrett nodded to him, but led Bridget to a table off to the side, away from the gaming. He grinned when he saw them, finishing out his game and coming to join them at their table.

"Found the little maid I see," he said. 

"I did, where's the Princess?" Garrett responded abruptly. And then wished he hadn't because next to him Bridget winced. Despite his reassurances, he could tell that she was jealous of the other woman, and it wasn't that he didn't understand exactly... it was just that he knew very well she had no reason to be and so her lack of trust in him grated. 

"Captured."

"What?"

"She ran off through the woods towards town. I followed her but she got picked up by a troop of soldiers. Looked like the Spanish." Samuel shrugged. "The odds were bad, so I let her go. If nothing else they'll probably ransom her off."

Garrett chewed his lip. Some part of him insisted that he should go after the Princess. Although by now the marriage negotiations must have fallen apart considering that she hadn't arrived the way she was supposed to have. Royalty could move awfully fast when it came to making and breaking alliances, especially when one of the parties to an arranged marriage didn't show up. His main duty, however, was to get the documents home. And on top of that, he wasn't sure how Bridget would take him running off to rescue the Princess.

While he wanted to be a better man for her, it was hard to in these circumstances. Besides, he couldn't really think of what he could do against a troop of soldiers, especially since he'd have two women with him. And there was no way he was putting Bridget in danger. The only other option would be to leave her here in town while he went to rescue the Princess on his own, and however good of a person Bridget might be, he was sure that was the quickest way to losing any affection she might have left for him. 

Finally he nodded.

"Alright then." Both Samuel and Bridget eyed him, Samuel curiously and Bridget suspiciously. "So what will you do now?"

Samuel shrugged and glanced at Bridget. "A little of this and that."

"She knows," Garrett said and Samuel gave a start of surprise.

"Ah. Well then. Still this and that until I get a contact from your father or pick up some information on my own that might be of interest to someone. I was thinking I might go to Paris, see what happens there. I'll be able to let you know when - if - a ransom for the Princess comes in."

"Paris?" Garrett mused. "Yes, that might be best."

"You're off to England?"

Garrett glanced at Bridget, but her face was blank. "Yes, tomorrow morning. I need to beat any messengers that Lord Navarre might send back to England."

"Best of luck to you then," said Samuel. "Tell your father I'll be headed towards Paris eventually. I'll send him messages as I need to." The men shook hands and Samuel smiled at Bridget. "A kiss for the road, little maid?"

Growling, Garrett pulled her back and Samuel laughed before sauntering back off towards the games.

Deciding that he didn't want to stay in the same inn as Samuel, even if the man was marginally trustworthy, Garrett escorted Bridget back out into the street, leading her down to the nicer of the other two inns. 

"We'll stay here for the night," he said.

Bridget finally spoke up. "Oh will we?" Her voice was sarcastic and uncooperative, and she crossed her arms in front of her, halting them in the common room of the inn.

"Please Bridget," he pleaded in a low voice, turning his back to the room so that no one there could overhear or see what was happening. Bridget was an attractive woman and he didn't want anyone to think that she was without protection. "Let me get a room and we'll talk. Or not. Whatever you want for tonight. But I do have to leave tomorrow and I do really hope that you come with me."

*****

Staring up into Garrett's earnest dark eyes, Bridget found herself conflicted all over again. It was so much easier to hold onto her anger when he wasn't looking at her, especially like that. 

"What about the Princess?" she asked. Not even sure why. Part of her felt like she should care what had happened to her former mistress, but truthfully she felt more guilty than anything, guilty because she didn't actually care anymore what happened to the other woman.

"She made her own choices," said Garrett. His tone was dismissive, but she could tell from the look on his face that he felt a little guilty too. Well, at least he wasn't rushing off to rescue her. "Can we talk about this in a room?" His voice turned coaxing. "After a hot bath... I'll have them bring you some fresh clothes... some food..."

A bath, fresh clothes and food did sound good. She looked down at herself, only now realizing exactly how tattered she appeared. While she'd managed to keep her clothes fairly clean, they were definitely looking worse for the wear. Swallowing down her anger at him, she realized that he was right. And she shouldn't turn down his generosity, because she had nothing else to rely on at the moment.

"Two rooms?" she asked, looking up at him a bit plaintively. She needed some space from him, although she shouldn't be asking him for anything right now, did she really have a choice? Despite the slight change in circumstances, he still had all the power because he had all the money and she had nothing but what he decided to give her.

To her relief, Garrett nodded. He didn't seem angry or upset at all, more relieved than anything else. Why would he be relieved unless he truly cared about her staying?

Half an hour later, soaking in a hot bath and scrubbing herself down enthusiastically with a bar of sweet smelling soap, Bridget was still pondering the question of Garrett's true feelings towards her. She'd come to accept that she had feelings for him, because she cared far too much about his feelings for her to continue denying her own, but that didn't mean that he returned them. Of course, from most of his actions the past day it certainly seemed like he did. But what about the days before that?

It occurred to her that part of the reason she was fighting her feelings so hard was because she didn't particularly want to have them for a man that, by all rights, she should hate. Just because he had a good reason, or at least a justifiable one, for maintaining his persona in front of the other men, that didn't excuse the acts that he had perpetrated on her. And all the same... she felt like forgiving him. Which made her feel angry at herself. 

Still, did she really have any choice in the matter? As she hated noted before, Garrett held all the cards, by which she meant the money. 

Sighing, she continued to scrub and rinse, scrub and rinse, until she was pink and squeaky clean. It felt as though she was washing away more than just the dirt and grime, but also her recent experiences. As she rose from the tub, for the first time in ages, she felt wonderfully refreshed and clean. Garrett had even had the inn's maids bring her new clothes, which were waiting for her on the bed. It was a beautiful dress, much nicer than anything she'd ever owned before. The dress of a merchant's daughter or even an gentlewoman. The blue fabric was soft against her hands and skin as she slid it over her head and when she looked in the mirror she felt quite beautiful. 

If only she didn't feel beholden to Garrett for it. 

As if her thoughts had summoned him, there was a knock on the door and she heard him calling her name. Swallowing hard, unsure if she was truly ready to face him, Bridget went and opened the door. 

She wasn't the only one who had taken a bath. Clean-shaven, dressed in new clothes, with his dark hair trimmed and brushed back from his face, Garrett looked every inch a young lord, even if he was wearing simpler clothes. He also looked like the kind of man she could easily swoon over, based on looks alone. Knowing exactly how much pleasure he could bring her didn't help her situation, because just looking at him sent a completely inappropriate surge of lust through her body. 

"May I come in and set down the tray?" he asked. 

Bridget started, realizing that she was standing in the doorway staring up at him. Her cheeks flushed as she hastily moved to the side; she hadn't even noticed that he was laden with a tray of food! Now that her attention had been drawn to it she realized how hungry she was and how good the food smelled.

There were two meat pies, laden with vegetables and spices, and she almost moaned with happiness to have food that hadn't been cooked over a camp fire. The pastry was flaky and buttery, practically melting in her mouth. She closed her eyes and just concentrated on the wonderful flavors, thinking that this was the best thing she'd ever tasted. The wine that came with it was spiced and flavorful, and there was a small piece of sharp cheese for both of them. It was the best meal that she'd had since beginning traveling.

"Enjoying?" asked Garrett. She looked up, realizing that she'd almost forgotten his presence in her enjoyment of the food. No... not forgotten. That wasn't quite the right word. But just relaxed to the point where his presence hadn't been an intrusion. It felt right to be sitting here, sharing a meal with him.

"It's wonderful," she replied honestly. He smiled at her and she smiled back without thinking, too satisfied with the wonderful meal and happy in the warmth and comfort of the inn to do anything else. The smile slowly faded from her face as she remembered that she was dependent on him for all of these comforts and that if she did not travel with him, she would be on her own and in the street.
"What is it? What's wrong?" 

He studied her, his eyes both penetrating and earnest. How truly interested he looked, how concerned.

Bridget looked down at her empty plate as if it might hold the answers. "I have been thinking..."

"About us?" Garrett supplied after a moment of silence, reaching across the table to touch her hand. His fingers curled around the outside of hers, although he didn't put any real pressure on it. The warmth of his palm covered the back of her hand.

"About a lot of things," she said shortly, although she didn't move her hand away. Part of her wanted to, but she didn't want to upset him, not when she was so dependent on his goodwill. And it did feel nice. "But yes, also about your suggestion. I guess... I guess I'm just wondering why you want me to go with you when, if you're the son of a Duke, any woman would be happy to have you once you're home."

"Well, for one, I am the son of a Duke," Garrett said, although she could see a small smile on his face when she peeked up at him. He squeezed her hand reassuringly. "Perhaps I could have any woman, but I want you. I told you how much I admire you. And I've found... I've found that I care about you more than I thought would be possible. Despite the circumstances of our time together, I have enjoyed your company and I think I would enjoy it even more in more pleasant circumstances."

"What if I were to want more time to think?" she asked. "You must leave tomorrow, you say, but what if I can't come to a decision by then?"

"If you need more time to think or if you decide you would prefer to make your own way, then I will give you half of the money I carry with me. I'd give all to you, but I need enough to see me safely home. You will have enough to make your way back to your family or stay here and make a new start. Or even move elsewhere and make a new start." Bridget looked up at him, completely startled now, and he smiled wanly, naming a sum that left her almost gasping. It would be more than sufficient to do any of the things he said.

"You would really do that?" she asked wonderingly, her surprise overcoming her common sense. He frowned, as if insulted that she questioned his honesty, but he didn't remove his hand from hers.

"Of course. I will not leave you to fend for yourself without any help." He smiled again. "Although, I must confess that I would hope to find that you'd decided to relocate to England, near me."

Despite the fact that she knew he was an accomplished actor, an accomplished liar, Bridget found that she believed him. He would not leave her without funds, she would not be punished for not doing as he wished. Something inside of her relaxed, tension flowing out of her with relief, now that she truly felt as if she had options. And suddenly, she found herself feeling much more goodwill towards Garrett than she'd thought possible.

When she'd thought she had no true choice but to go with him or be left alone and penniless, she'd been angry and she had wanted nothing more than to get away from him, despite a few nigglings of reluctance. Now that she knew she would be taken care of either way, she inexplicably found herself feeling closer to the reverse. Would it be so bad to go with him? Learn more about him?

But there were other considerations as well.

"What if I'm pregnant?" she asked.

Now Garrett took her hand in his, startling her as he pulled it across the table to wrap both of his hands around hers. She stared at him, surprised by the look on his face. It was... caring. Almost loving. Adoring. It made her heart melt a little.

"Then I would hope even more that you would come to me. I would consider any child of yours a child of mine, for he or she very might well be."

Well that was true enough, but she was still startled at his complete lack of caring that she might be pregnant with another man's child. And at his willingness to claim the child as his own. She stared at him as if she could somehow read his intent in his face, but all she saw was sincerity.

"When do you plan to leave tomorrow?" she asked, a little helplessly. Garrett's strong fingers were making little circles on the inside of her wrist, a tickling sensation that sent a little tingle through her body. 

"Just after first light," he said, still stroking her wrist. His dark eyes were filled with a kind of hope that was almost overwhelming to her sense. How could she make a decision with him sitting here looking at her that way?

"May I have tonight to think about it?"

The stroke of his fingers slowed and then he gave her hands a slight squeeze again. "Of course."

Efficiently Garrett gathered up the remains of their dinner to set outside the door for the maid to pick up, Bridget helping as best she could, now feeling incredibly awkward in his presence. After setting the tray outside he came back, standing so close to her that she had to tilt her head back to meet his eyes, and she felt breathless at the tension between them. The possibility of a kiss hovered in the air and she felt her lips parting automatically, as if in invitation.

Instead, Garrett brushed his finger over her pouted lips. "I hope you come with me tomorrow, Bridget. But if not, then I will still hope that you will come to me eventually."

And with that he left her, not even giving her the chance to respond. With a few long strides he was out of the room and it seemed as if he took all the air in it with him. Standing alone, Bridget realized she was trembling. She also realized she was disappointed that he hadn't actually kissed her. But if she had let him kiss her, what else would she have let him do? She should be disgusted with herself, but her overriding emotion was still disappointment.

With slow, dreamy movements, Bridget undressed and crawled into the sweet softness of the bed, almost moaning with pleasure at the luxury of a real mattress. A softer mattress than she'd ever had in her life, in fact. The pillows were like fluffy clouds. And yet she couldn't sleep, because she couldn't turn off her thoughts, which were all of Garrett.

She had so many questions about him. Why was he still pursuing her? Why was he willing to claim any child she had when he would never know whether or not it was his? Why had he said he wanted to court her, after everything? Why was he willing to give up half his current funds for her? Why did he say that he hoped she would come to him eventually even if she chose not to join him tomorrow?

All the questions seemed to have the same answer, it was just one that she hadn't been willing to entertain till now.

Maybe he truly cared. More than cared... was it possibly he loved her? What other reason could there be? Madness perhaps. She giggled a little to herself. Love or madness. Although her father would have said that love is a kind of madness. But how on earth had he fallen in love with her? What was there to fall in love with?

Yet he had to care for more than her body. There would be willing women aplenty on the road and at home, especially with a duke for a father. While being born on the wrong side of the sheets might bar him from a certain class of women, all other classes would be open to him. Women who hadn't been ravished, women who would bring him something other than a child of questionable parentage. None of this made sense unless he truly was in love with her. Honor would be satisfied by giving her money to care for herself. There was no need to practically beg her to go with him unless he truly cared, perhaps even loved her. Not that he'd said the words, but didn't his actions show that it was a possibility at the least?

Bridget rolled around the bed, stretching out her limbs and finding that she wished there was another body there to hold onto. A warm, masculine body. She couldn't deny that she had feelings for Garrett too. Confused, conflicted feelings that made her want to do stupid things.

Or perhaps not so conflicted in feelings. It was just that her heart was telling her one thing while her head was telling her another. She supposed what it really boiled down to was whether or not she could forgive him the past in order to consider a future with him. Was she strong enough to do that? Was it the right thing to do?

Pondering these questions in the darkness, Bridget eventually slipped into an exhausted slumber.

*********

It was a good thing that he had practically trained himself to fall asleep at need. There had been many times in his life when he'd had to snatch a few hours - or less - of sleep under trying circumstances and in uncomfortable locations. Falling asleep on cue had become almost an art. Still, it had been much harder the night before than he might have liked. Awaiting Bridget's answer, after her penetrating questions that showed she was truly thinking about accompanying him rather than just rejecting him out of hand, had given him anxieties that he'd never known before.

In fact, her questions had been more than he'd hoped for at that point. Not that he should have taken her desire for separate rooms as a sign of rejection, in fact it was completely understandable, but some part of him had wished that she craved his company as much as he did hers. Dinner with her had been easy and satisfying. Watching her eat, seeing the enjoyment on her face as she did so, had given him a sense of satisfaction that he'd never imagined. The idea of having her there every night, in his home - their home, only increased his desire to have her with him.

He'd awoken this morning with a feeling of dread, a pit in his stomach, knowing that it was the end of the rope and she was going to tell him her decision. Would he wait for her, in hopes that she might join him eventually even if she decided against accompanying him today? Yes. For as long as he could, although eventually he supposed he would have to move on if she never appeared. But he wouldn't want to.

Her questions had been the first glint of hope for him. He'd practically had to strong-arm her into town and into the inn. That she was thinking about her possible futures, and that one of them included wanting to know how he might treat a babe if she was pregnant, had had him nearly jumping for joy. At least he'd managed to stifle his reaction to just holding her hand, although he'd wanted to do much more than that.

Would she come with him, just for the sake of a possible babe? Even so, he would take her on those terms and somehow he'd earn her respect, her love. All he needed was more time.

Dressed for travel, Garrett awaited her presence down in the common room as the sky slowly lightened. If she didn't come down within the next five minutes then he was going to end up knocking on her door; he couldn't contain his nervous energy anymore. Under the table his leg jigged, a habit from boyhood that he had never quite suppressed.

A tingling sensation, as if someone had blown air across the back of his neck, ran across his skin and he looked up at the staircase to see her descending, staring at him. She looked nervous, but otherwise the expression on her face didn't tell him anything and he could feel his gut tightening further.

Holding out his hand, he gestured for her to join him at the table. He preferred not to stand over her intimidatingly when she told him her answer.

Bridget came and sat quietly as the maid immediately brought over the food he had ordered. Seeing her smile at the sight of fresh bread and porridge made some of the ache in his stomach ease. At least he could please her in this way. Seeing that the table was shaking slightly, due to his nervous leg, he stilled the action as best he could, clenching his hands in his lap before he could start drumming his fingers on the table.

Across from him, Bridget eyed him almost nervously and he tried to smooth his expression into a mask of blankness. He didn't want to alarm her by scowling, even though that's what he felt like doing as she made him wait.

"I would like the money that you offered, please," she finally said quietly, picking apart the bread with slim fingers.

The air seemed to whoosh out of his body on a single breath, a sigh of resignation for the answer that he'd felt in his heart was coming. And he couldn't blame her. Perhaps with more time he could have convinced her of his good intentions, given her more time with the man he was inside, the man he wanted to be for her, rather than the man he had been while under cover. Shoulders slumping, he dug into his pouch for the money he'd prepared, already in its own bag in readiness for her.

He slid the pouch across the table and Bridget picked it up, her eyes widening a little at the weight. Glancing at him, she opened the ties to the bag and peeked inside, gasping again when she saw mostly gold instead of copper or silver. 

Then she looked up at him almost accusingly.

"This must be more than half."

"I have what I need to travel," he said. Which was true. If he was traveling alone then he needed substantially less. If Bridget had been with him he'd be more inclined to stay in places where she could sleep on a bed, and he'd feed her much better than he would feed himself.

Closing her hands almost protectively around the pouch, she pursed her sweet pink lips at him and he had to remind himself that he couldn't kiss her just because he wanted to.

"Where will you go? Or will you stay here?" he asked, because some part of him needed to know where she was. What she would be doing. Possibly how to track her down again one day.

Looking down at her hands around the pouch of money, Bridget's slim fingers loosened from the leather and stroked the pouch, almost as if she was lost in thought. There was a long silence and he wondered if she would even tell him.

Then she looked up at him again, almost shyly this time, with a slight blush on her face.

"I was thinking perhaps England..."

His heart seemed to thud in her chest. "A particular part of England?"

"I was thinking... perhaps... where did you say your home was?"

His lips were curving into a smile that he couldn't suppress if he wanted to. In a moment she might crush his heart, tell him that he was mistaken, but the way she was smiling back at him right now, this wonderful feeling... he wouldn't give it up unless she forced him to.

"Devonshire. Do you think you might perhaps enjoy an escort? I have to tell you that such an escort may need to travel rather swiftly."

Bridget pushed the pouch of money back towards him. "Perhaps I might contribute some funds to help with the swift travel." The little minx. Garrett was grinning like a loon and he didn't care. Then her expression changed a little. "I would also expect sleeping arrangements similar to last night's... I do not know what I will want at the end of the journey."

But she would give him a chance. She would give him time. And Garrett was not going to waste that.

*******

The trip home took a little less than a month. They traveled very swiftly, although perhaps not as swiftly as Garrett would have on his own but he didn't mind. Every day Bridget became more relaxed with him, more willing to allow small touches to her hands and face. One night, at an inn, he kissed her and she didn't pull away, although she didn't cling to him either. Their lips touched, melded, and he coaxed her tongue to dance with his own.

After that he kissed her good night every night, his body yearning for her, but he always pushed himself back. Forced himself to allow her to control their interactions even though every night he went to bed rock hard and dreaming of her.

Unfortunately they couldn't share much conversation while they were actually on horseback, traveling, because of how quickly they had to go. The most time they truly got together was on board the ship across the channel, which didn't last nearly long enough to suit him. Bridget no longer looked at him with suspicion or distaste. Sometimes she even seemed to encourage his attentions, allowing him to hold her hand or snuggling against him when he slipped his arm about her waist or shoulders. Their good night kisses had become more clinging and it was becoming harder to force himself away from her at the end of it.

Every day he found his affections for her deepening, everything about her confirming his initial impressions of her. She was filled with light and laughter, even when they were forced to travel swiftly and were unable to truly appreciate the countryside. Wherever they stopped, she found something to enjoy. He made sure they stayed in inns whenever possible, and she always ended up on the good side of the workers there. Hot baths, good food, special treats, everyone liked Bridget and they did what they could to show it. Not that she was undeserving. One time he found her helping some of the other maids with laundry, telling them stories about life at the French Court while they listened, completely enraptured.

Upon arriving at his father's estate he'd given her the option of not having to meet with his father immediately, but Bridget showed her usual courage and insisted that she wanted to. He decided to take it as a good sign, and hoped that his noble father would see the same things in her that he himself did.

Perhaps he should have worried more about how well they would get along, he thought to himself sardonically as Bridget reduced his noble father to gasping for air in between guffaws of laughter as she told him about one of the more humiliating instances during their travels. It really hadn't been that funny, Garrett thought sulkily. He'd been trying to do a good deed, and perhaps he'd been showing off a little bit, rescuing an older woman from what looked like a threatening situation with a man. The woman had been cornered in the stable yard as the brute raged and yelled at her, a large axe in his hand. When Garrett had stepped in to defend the woman and make the man back off, the woman had ended up turning on Garrett and yelling at him to mind his own business. When he'd resisted her dismissal, still unsure of the man's attentions, she'd used the broom in her hand to chase him off.

And then, of course, once they were inside the inn, the chuckling innkeeper had told him that the couple was married and had a similar face-off at least once a week. Usually as a prelude to bedding. 

Bridget had already been in stitches watching Garrett being chased by a broom-wielding woman, but hearing that he had inadvertently interrupted the couple's form of conjugal relations had her giggling for the rest of the week. And she was far too adept at both description and the ridiculous caricatures of his facial expressions. Scowling, he watched as the woman he hoped would be his wife and his father enjoyed themselves thoroughly at his expense.

"Oh, he was always putting his nose in where it didn't belong," the Duke said, when he was finally able to draw breath again. He wiped actual tears away from his eyes. Tears! "Did he ever tell you about the time he tried to apprehend a burglar and knocked his Uncle unconscious?"

Of course Bridget started laughing and Garrett couldn't stop himself from a small smile either.

"But you're forgetting the important part of the story, Father," he reminded his grinning parent. "He was a burglar, since he was on his way to steal some of your brandy." Giving a supercilious nod, he ruined his serious face by winking at Bridget, but he didn't mind at all. 

The rest of the afternoon was spent with his father regaling Bridget of his various youthful misdeeds. Fortunately none of his half-brothers were in residence or they'd be able to add quite a bit more fodder to the fire. Eventually the Duke called his housekeeper in and asked her to give Bridget a tour of the grounds, giving him and Garrett the chance to talk. That morning he had given his father the papers, and his father had sent out men to take care of detaining the traitors, but his father always liked to have a rundown of the mission from Garrett.
Considering how quickly Bridget had fallen into the affections of the Duke, he wasn't looking forward to recounting their meeting and his subsequent behavior. His father listened with a frown on his face to the recital, in which Garrett didn't spare himself at all. At the end of his summary, Garrett finished with his intention to court Bridget, wed her and settle down somewhere nearby. 

"Of course you can have the lands I promised you, whenever you're ready to claim them," said the Duke with a wave of his hand. "But I think the more important question is whether or not the girl will have you, and if you'll want the lands if she doesn't. I'm rather surprised that she came all this way with you, in fact."

"I thought she'd wash her hands of me too," confessed Garrett. "But she did not and I hold myself unaccountably lucky for that."

"I prefer to think that she's just much more intelligent than you and saw through to your better parts, behind your so-called perfect disguise," said his father, his voice completely bland and all the more teasing for it. The dark eyes in the hawkish face flashed with good humor. In many ways, his father was just like him, although he'd lost muscle over the years and had a bit of a belly, and his dark hair had streaks of grey in it, they could almost be spitting images of each other and Garrett knew his father's expressions as well as he knew his own. The older man was saddened and disappointed to hear how Garrett had comported himself and yet relieved and glad to hear that he was doing his best to redeem his poor behavior. And also guilty about having sent Garrett into such circumstances in the first place.

But it had been the right thing to do and Garrett had done what he needed to do in order to see his brother's murders hang. And hang they would. He had managed to beat any messengers back to England, because his father happened to know that most of the implicated nobles were in London at court, which is where his father would be tomorrow in order to present the documents of proof to the King. 

"It's possible, but even then it takes a generous heart to forgive what she's been through," he said quietly.

"Very true," said his father, and the two men sat in silence for a while. "I am proud of you, you know. Despite some of the things you had to do, despite the fact that you may have even enjoyed some of them, it takes a strong and wise man to admit when he is wrong and to do what is needful to make it right."

Tears sparked in Garrett's eyes, he hadn't realized until just this moment how much he'd worried over the loss of his father's approval. Hearing that his father could still be proud of him buoyed up his spirits and soothed his guilt somewhat, although he still felt it keenly, especially every time his thoughts dwelt on Bridget and whether or not they might ever have a future together.

The rest of the evening passed quickly. Bridget returned and certain subjects became unmentionable again. She seemed in high spirits, although a little introspective after having seen his father's place. Realizing that she might be a little intimidated, over dinner Garrett had his father describe the lands that Garrett would be receiving which were not nearly as grand as this. Despite the fact that he would soon be an officially acknowledged bastard son, he was still a bastard son and he would not inherit anything like what his brothers would. Which suited him fine; he had not grown up thinking he would and he much preferred the more modest lands that he would soon reside on. And Bridget would feel more comfortable there too.

Seeing her now, at a Duke's table, he could see that she was intimidated and nervous. She managed her manners well enough, probably had observed plenty when she'd been serving the Princess, but she was not comfortable. As far as Garrett was concerned, the sooner he could get her settled onto his lands the better.

The next day, in fact, he found himself handing over full responsibility to his father and heading out to his new home with Bridget. In the past he probably would have accompanied his father to London, he would have wanted to see the traitors' faces as they were uncovered and arrested. Now his main concern was Bridget and settling her in, doing his best to keep her and that meant that she was his priority. Of course eventually he would go to London, probably for some of the trials and the subsequent consequences, to stand with his family for Arden, but that was the future. And if he was very lucky, perhaps Bridget would accompany him as his wife.

When they first arrived at the house, he could see that Bridget was relieved. The house was not nearly as intimidating or grand as the ducal estate; it was a much more comfortable kind of home. In fact, it was the home he had lived in after his mother passed, and he had found it a very comfortable and warm place. The servants, all seven of them, were both competent and loving, and had eased the pain of losing his mother and the shock of discovering who his father was.

The easy relationship that he had now with his father had not started that way, but having this place to call home had helped quite a bit. And now it was truly his. A gesture from his father that showed how much he loved his bastard son. 

Garrett wondered if Bridget knew yet whether or not she was carrying a child. As far as he knew she hadn't bled while they were traveling, but on the other hand, would she have told him? If she did carry a child, he would have to exert himself to court her faster. Not that he had minded growing up a bastard exactly, but he wanted better for his children than what he had. 

The next week was almost pure bliss - or it would have been if he had been getting any kind of physical satisfaction. But still, he truly enjoyed showing Bridget around the house and grounds, watching her befriend the servants, and doing his best to court her. They went riding together, had picnics, looked at the stars, learned about running the house and estate together and separately, and met some of their neighbors. His desire to marry her was soon the worst kept secret in both the household and the neighborhood. And, from what he could tell, Bridget seemed quite happy. He picked flowers for her, bought her little trinkets - which he discovered she preferred over jewels - and new clothes and hats for her. In return, she seemed to throw herself into becoming useful, as if she was determined to be of value to the household and to earn her keep.

He kissed her. Often. As often as he could without bursting his breeches, although he still refrained from pushing her further. He was finally starting to think that she might want him to do more than kiss her, but he didn't want to push it.

And then one morning he woke up tied to his bed.

*******

Bridget couldn't help but laugh at the expressions flitting across Garrett's face. Only one moment of fear, followed quickly by anger, then shock, and finally a kind of blend of confusion, glee and consternation once he realized that there was a naked woman straddling his thighs. At first she hadn't believed Mary, the housekeeper, when she'd been told of how deeply Garrett slept at home. After all, she knew that he was the first to rise in the mornings at camp; but apparently in this house he felt safe enough to sleep deeply and late. 

"What are you doing?" he rumbled, the sleep quickly washing away from his face and body, leaving a rather angry and aroused looking male behind. Smiling, Bridget stroked her fingers down his bare chest. That was something else she'd discovered this morning - Garrett slept in the nude in bed. 

"Whatever I want," she said. 

To tell the truth, she wasn't entirely sure what she wanted. His kisses had awakened a fire in her that refused to be put out, but she felt herself pulling away from them all the same. Every time they kissed she felt herself in danger of being swept away, of losing all control and just falling into bed - or against any reasonably comfortable flat surface - with him. And control had recently become very important to her.

At the beginning of their journey she'd asked him for the money that he'd promised her for two reasons - to ascertain that he'd truly meant his offer and so that she didn't feel as if she was dependent on him. Since arriving at his house, she knew that she was there as a guest in many ways, but she'd also made herself very useful to the household. The housekeeper was overjoyed to have someone to plan the menus and oversee the running of the whole household - in many ways the poor woman had been doing two jobs simultaneously once Garrett had returned until Bridget had taken some of the load from her. This place was fast becoming a home and she didn't want to leave.

But Garrett had been taking too long about his courtship. In some ways it had flattered her, that he was treating her like a lady and not like he'd already known her body. But the truth was that he DID know her body and she knew his, and she very much wanted the cravings inside of her satisfied. While they were traveling she'd appreciated the time to get to know him, but she'd thought that once they arrived at his house he might push forward a little bit. Do something more than kiss her. But he'd kept his hands and lips in safe areas and she was left with an aching between her legs that only he could satisfy.

When they'd first arrived she might have tried to push harder herself, but her courses had arrived. She'd been relieved at the evidence that she was not with child. Despite Garrett's declaration that he would accept any child as his own, Bridget didn't want another man's child that Garrett would accept without ever knowing if it was his. Part of her thought that she should tell Garrett, but she truthfully thought that he'd try to find his way to her bed during the past week and that she would tell him then. Instead he'd done nothing more than kiss her. 

The slow courting had gotten under her skin. She'd realized that she wanted Garrett, she wanted to be in his life, she wanted to be married to him and her body desperately wanted to be in his bed again. But at the same time, she hadn't known how to say that. And she wanted to be in control of this, the first time she willingly came to him. 

Smiling at her with darkening eyes, eyes filled with need as they caressed the curves of her body, Garrett tugged at his wrists where she'd tied them to the bed above his head. "You can free my hands and still do whatever you want."

"No." She shook her head, still smiling, as her hand caressed the flat muscles of his stomach, the back of her arm brushing against the velvet soft skin of his erection and making him groan. "I think I prefer you like this."

Although his hands were tied she'd left his legs free, knowing that they would be useless to him unless he was going to kick her. Which, he obviously wasn't going to do. 

Instead, Bridget ignored his pleas and commands to free him and began to explore his manhood, taking her time to look at every part of him, from the dark hairs at its base, to the wrinkled sack of flesh underneath, up the veiny root to the bulbous head. It was an inspection that she hadn't been able to indulge in before. The soft touch of her hand as she wrapped her hand around the base of his cock made Garrett groan and his hips jerked. The rush of power that went through her as she realized that she truly had him at her mercy was intense. 

Smiling happily, she lowered her mouth to his cock, giving him one long lick from root to tip, keeping her eyes on him. He'd stopped trying to bargain with her and was now just watching her lustfully, his hands stretched out above his head and secured to the headboard of the bed. Having him restrained and bound like this was rather erotic, and she indulged herself with a little flash of herself in this position. Shivering a little, she realized that part of her quite liked that idea, especially if Garrett were to tease her with his hands and mouth. 

Licking around the head of his cock, Bridget enjoyed teasing him with her lips and tongue, her hand stroking up and down the solid length of him. He was hot and hard in her palm, pulsing against her fingers. Sweet fluid leaked from the tip. This was the first time she'd been able to truly indulge in pleasuring a man with her mouth, with no encouragement from the man himself since he happened to be all tied up at the moment. Suppressing a giggle, Bridget took him into her mouth and hummed her pleasure as Garrett bucked beneath her. 

She was feeling wanton, eager. The last of her hesitations had swept away as she realized that she was in full control of this encounter. She could do whatever she wanted... and she was curious about something. Sucking her own finger into her mouth, she then wedged in beneath Garrett, rubbing it against his own crinkled hole. It had occurred to her that she'd gotten quite a bit of pleasure, however unwilling, from some of the attentions paid to her own rear entry and she'd started to wonder if the same might be possible for a man. 

Garrett groaned and bucked as her finger rubbed against the tight entrance, his legs squeezing shut to trap her wrist. Only the very tip of her finger was embedded inside of him, the ribbed entryway squeezing her digit tightly. 

"What are you doing?" The tone of his voice was that of a man doing his best to sound commanding, but coming out more desperately than anything else. "Bridget, stop."

"Just relax, it will feel good," she said soothingly. "Isn't that what you told me?" Indeed, she found a certain amount of justice in this invasion of his body, and she knew very well that her small finger could not possibly be harming him. 

"Bridget... this is unnatural!"

"I thought so too, but it turned out to be more enjoyable than I thought."

Ignoring his further protests, Bridget used the moments when the pressure of his thighs around her wrist lessened to press more firmly and felt her finger sink into that hot crevice.

"Oh God... Bridget..." 

His hips bucked upwards and his legs squeezed together as much as they could before separating again; an action that she recognized from her own body, answering her question. It felt good to him too.

The excitement of penetrating his body motivated her to push deeper inside of him, moving her finger in and out as if it was a small cock, invading his bumhole, her mouth sucking on him as she did so. Did her own bumhole squeeze a man so tightly? If so, she was starting to understand the attraction that the men had had with her the hole. Penetrating Garrett in this was quite erotic, feeling him writhe and tighten around her finger... she was astonished at the grip that he managed with those ridged inner muscles. The look of reluctant pleasure on his face only incensed her further as she pushed back and forth inside of him, enjoying the way his cock jerked in her mouth, the salt-sweet of fluid that coated her tongue as she pleasured him. 

His protests had ceased as his muscles in his legs and stomach tensed and released and she realized that he must be enjoying the sensation, although obviously he hadn't meant to. Looking up at him, she could see that he was no longer watching her; his eyes were squeezed shut and his mouth was open in a voiceless moan, his arms straining above his head. From the way he was moving, she realized that he was going to spend in her mouth soon unless she stopped. Immediately she withdrew her finger and pulled her mouth away with a final kiss to his tip.

Garrett's eyes flew open and he groaned. 

"Bridget..." He writhed a bit as she gripped his shaft and stroked, feeling him pulse wetly against her hand, lubricated with her saliva. 

"Yes Garrett?" she purred as she arranged herself above him. Excitement pulsed through her as she pressed the head of his rod to her opening, her folds slick and eager for him. In fact, she'd been wet and ready for him for days, even though he hadn't taken advantage of that fact. Well it was her turn to take advantage now anyway. 

"This isn't... this isn't how I meant to... do this..." He gasped out the words as she began teasing his head, letting the mushroom pop into her and then slide out again, enjoying the fact that both of them were being teased by this maneuver. It felt good to have him sliding around her folds and then to take just a bit of him into her, stoking her fires. 

"No, it's how I mean to do it," she said, rather smugly. 

For the first time, she was fully in control. The last time she'd been with Garrett she'd been somewhat in control, but she'd also been under the influence of spirits. Although holding Garrett down with her body had been satisfying, she knew that she would never be able to do that with a healthy Garrett. Tying him to the bed, however, served her purpose admirably. Now she was not only able to explore and discover him the way she'd always wanted to, but he truly couldn't do anything to stop her. Oh, she supposed that he could kick her, but she knew that he wouldn't hurt her. In fact, she'd found that he'd won more than her love, he'd won her trust. But she was still going to enjoy this. 

Leaning back, something that she hadn't been able to do the last time because she'd been holding down his body with hers, she sank fully down on top of him, feeling his length penetrate so deeply into her body that it almost hurt. Both of them cried out as she ground down on top of him, her inner muscles clasping that thick rod, her sensitive folds rubbing against his groin as she writhed with the pleasure of having him inside of her again. Pressing her hands against his stomach for balance, Bridget began to rise and fall above him with a slow and erotic pace, her eyes half-shut as she concentrated on the wonderful feeling of his cock rasping against her insides, the delicious friction of his skin rubbing against hers.

Beneath her Garrett's hips rolled as he pushed himself upwards, pressing more of himself against her, into her. It was almost like riding a horse or an ocean wave, and Bridget looked down at him with pleasure filled eyes. Their eyes connected and the intimacy was almost overwhelming. Bridget clenched around him, her thighs tightening around his body as they rolled and rose and fell together, Garrett obviously wanting to be as involved in their love making as she was.

Suddenly she wanted to feel him above her, to feel his comforting weight pressing her down. But that would mean releasing him... still it was her choice to do so. And she knew that, with Garrett, it would always be her choice. 

Leaning forward, Bridget began to untie one of his hands as Garrett took the opportunity to nip and lick at her swaying breasts. She moaned as he sucked one rosy nipple into his mouth. As soon as his hand was released, it joined his mouth in touching her breasts, squeezing and pinching at her unattended nipple. The pleasure coursed through her and she writhed on top of him, gasping with the decadent sensations. Even more endearing was that he didn't used his freed hand to try and take control of the situation. 

If she'd needed confirmation that he was not the man he'd originally presented himself as, that he was the man she'd glimpsed through the facade, this was it. Leaning down, Bridget kissed him, thoroughly, as she began to turn on her side, taking him with her. It only took Garrett a moment to realize what she wanted and his body followed, rolling on top of her, one hand still tied to the headboard. The other cushioned her fall and guided her so that his cock remained inside of her for the entire maneuver. 

The weight of him on her was delicious, her legs spread and ankles wrapped around the backs of his thighs. Their lips were pressed together, tongues melding, her hands stroking his shoulders. Lifting her hips up slightly she flexed around him, feeling the answering surge of his body between her legs. 
When he pulled away from the kiss and stared down into her eyes, Bridget looked up at him with all the love that she'd finally accepted. 

"Make love to me, Garrett," she murmured. 

"Marry me, Bridget," he responded, his voice just as low, not to mention somewhat strained. 

Widening her eyes in surprise, she couldn't help but laugh. "Is this your idea of a proper proposal?"

"Well," he grinned wickedly at her, revealing some of the roguishness that she knew he possessed. "I promised myself that we wouldn't be doing this," he nodded at their conjoined bodies," until I had made a proposal. And preferably been accepted."

"Does that mean you'll stop if I say no?" she asked, her eyes twinkling merrily as he groaned at the dilemma. 

"It might very well kill me to try," he muttered. 

"Then I suppose I'd better say yes."

"Oh thank god."

And then his mouth was on hers again, drinking in all her sweetness, kissing her almost desperately. The intensity of his kiss took her breath away, just as he began to move inside of her with long, powerful strokes of his body. She moaned into his mouth as he pushed deeply into her, pulling at him with her legs as if she could force more of him inside of her. The desire to have his body melded as closely to hers as possibly was paramount, she writhed against him, under him, for the first time realizing exactly how powerful this primal act could be when ones emotions were fully involved. 

While she could never forget the way that they had met, nor could she ever condone the methods which Garrett had kept his criminal persona in place with, she could forgive him for them. And she could love him and know that he loved her, and they could express that love with their bodies. Movements, pleasures, that had once been completely animalistic now took on a whole new importance as Garrett made love to her, finally fully able to express himself the way he wanted to. He took his time with her, never removing himself from her body completely, but slowing as he needed to, as if he wanted to stay inside of her for the longest amount of time possible. 

They kissed, not just lips, but cheeks, necks, shoulders, stroking each other with their fingers through their hair, down their backs. The pleasure had moved beyond mere ecstasy into an expression of forgiveness, a demonstration of their current feelings and their desires for the future. Considering her introduction to pleasures of the flesh, Bridget was astonished at the difference, and she was glad that she had freed Garrett's hand - the other one had also been worked free at some point, although she'd been too involved to notice until she suddenly realized that he had both arms wrapped around her - so that they could touch and love each other to their heart's content. 

Eventually the needs of their body overrode the desire to slow passion, their bodies moving together faster, harder, and Bridget felt that tingling fire in her core begin to coil and pulse. She curved her arms around Garrett's back, her nails digging into his muscular shoulders as she rocked beneath him, pushing her lower body upwards to meet his thrusts. Beneath her ankles his buttocks clenched as he drove into her, the rate of his breathing increasing as his climax approached. Their kisses became more forceful, less skillful as they moaned and gasped. 

The explosion of pleasure from her center rocked through Bridget in fiery waves, so intense that she saw white light behind her closed eyelids as she cried out in pure ecstasy. Her entire body bowed beneath Garrett's, every muscle tightening and then releasing as she undulated, screaming with the glorious rapture of a long awaited release. Above her Garrett continued to pump his hips, bellowing as her body convulsed around him, beneath him, her soft flesh yielding to his, pulling him inside of her. The fluid boiled up from his balls and burst forth, mixing his cream with hers as they clung to each other, locked in a passionate embrace of mutual ecstasy. 

Even as the intense climax subsided, every movement either of them made seemed to set off a response in the other, small climaxes of pleasure. They exchanged long slow kisses as Garrett's manhood slowly shrank inside of her, neither one of them eager to release the other. Bridget thought she'd never experienced anything more wonderful than this kind of loving after math, a clear demonstration that Garrett wanted her for more than pleasures of the flesh. Although, she thought with a small smile, she had no objection to enjoying those with him as well. 

"Tomorrow," he said suddenly, kissing the tip of her nose.

"What about tomorrow?"

"I'd like to get married tomorrow."

Bridget laughed. "Well if you insist."

******

The day shown bright and warm, all the household agreed that it was the best possible omen. The bride was beautiful. The groom was grinning like a fool. Later he would have to apologize profusely to his father and brothers for not inviting them, and she would have to write to her parents explaining (in a very edited way) what had happened to her, but on the day of their wedding Bridget and Garrett didn't have a care or worry in the world. Garrett whispered to her, at their hastily prepared wedding feast, that it was the best day of his life.

One year and one day later, when their daughter was born, he amended that statement.