"You are not helping yourself with that argument," she noted, although she felt like laughing at the implication that she would be able to do anything of the sort. Worn and weary as she was, she'd kill herself trying to get on the table.

Luckily, there were other, less exhausting options available.

He was about to retort, but the door burst open before he had a chance. A cranky-looking guard strode in, shot her a foul look, nodded at Jack, and deposited a covered tray at the center of the table. Her nostrils flared. She tried to make a snarky comment about how his men's inability to treat him with the barest semblance of respect or knock on doors before entering didn't speak favorably of his leadership abilities, but couldn't get it out. Not when that scent was butting against her brain like a delicious, mouthwatering, food-flavored battering ram.

"Let's see," Jack said. Cheerily, which was worrying. He lifted the cover from the tray, presenting her with her worst nightmare come to life. Her stomach made a noise like a strangled kitten. "Spicy rice with lamprey, mussels, limpets and ... well, I don't know what the smaller bits are, but they are edible and have lived underwater, so I'm sure you'll like them too. What do you think?"

Valerie gritted her teeth and gave the lamprey an accusing look, as if the animal had decided to fry itself and curl up on a mountain of rice and seafood just to personally slight her. She had forgotten. She'd been stupid enough to forget that, although he was woefully clueless when it came to understanding the bigger blocks that made her who she was, Jack did possess an enviable mastery of all the tiny quirks that pervaded the bottom of her psyche. Like what her favorite foods were. Granted, that one wasn't that hard to figure, as she was hardly picky — he'd been right on the money with "edible and lived underwater" — but still. It was an unfair and troubling advantage.

She crossed her arms over her belly and pressed her fist against it.

"I'm still not sitting down." Especially now that she was starting to suspect what his game was. He couldn't have been starving her for nothing, after all. There were too many ways he could use her body against her in the present circumstances. In a way, it was even more dangerous than his attempts to break her through pleasure.

He gave her a hard, almost sullen look and advanced towards her. She stared back, unblinking.

There was a flurry of movement, and then a scream.

-----------------------------------------------

Valerie approached the closet, pulled the door open and was greeted with a blinding wave of dust. She coughed, rubbed her eyes so they'd stop watering and went forward to brave the moldy depths.

It was her least-used closet. When she'd moved into the apartment, she had dumped everything she owned and couldn't fit anywhere else on the bottom, stacked some boxes on top of it and filled the leftover space with blankets and clothes that she wasn't planning on wearing. In the months since then, the inside had coalesced into a solid but precarious tower of junk, most of which she couldn't for the life of her remember buying or stashing in there.

She stood in front of it, wondering how in the name of the gods she was supposed to grab the blanket and pillows she needed without causing the entire pile to fall down, when Jack appeared behind her. She couldn't avoid a surprised squeak, but did stop herself from whirling around and instinctively clobbering him on the nose.

"Sorry. I'm a bit jumpy, I guess. Have been for a while." She smiled a tired smile and didn't add that "a while" was roughly three years. "Do you need anything?"

"You have mice."

"Uhm?" She turned sideways, having given up on fighting the blanket, at least for the moment. "What do you mean?"

"I mean, literally, you have mice. I just went to get more coffee and saw one jump out of the cupboard. It ran over my hand." He looked so outraged by the fact that she had to stifle a giggle.

"Oh. I've been away for the past few weeks, so I hadn't noticed. I'll buy some traps tomorrow." She went back to the closet, squinted intently, and gave the blanket a pull while pushing the boxes on top back with her knee. It came loose. The pile wobbled but stood its ground. She turned to hand Jack the blanket so that she could get on with extracting the pillows, and found him staring at her in a way that could only be described as troubled. She frowned. Surely he wasn't that upset about one single mouse? "Is everything all right?"

"Funny, I was about to ask the same. Are you all right?"

"I am?" She blinked, confused by his attitude. Had she done anything to imply that she wasn't? "I mean, I've been a bit overworked as of late, but things should be calming down now that the war is over. Also, Mrs. Drakma — your aunt Briseis, that is, says that I have a lot of accrued vacation time. I should be able to get a few weeks off to show you around. If you want me to, of course."

"Yes, that is all very ... nice," he replied, in a tone that implied the exact opposite. Valerie decided that perhaps it would be best to leave the pillows be for a while and try to understand what was going on. Whatever it was, it appeared to bother him so much that he had stopped meeting her eyes, so it was bound to be neither insignificant nor good. "I'm worried about you."

"Oh," she said. Then, because his confession was both confusing and far from being answer enough, she added: "Why would you be worried?"

"Why would I ... why wouldn't I be worried? You are living on an ass-backwards world, in a place you can barely call a house that also happens to be infested with vermin. You are in cahoots with my crazy aunt, and I think her philosophies are starting to rub off on you, because it's the only explanation I can find for half of the things that you've been saying. Worst of all, none of that seems to bother you. If you go on like this, it won't be long before you join that cult of hers and—"

"Cult?" she interjected, frowning, and then she got what he meant and it became a trial to keep talking in a calm, conciliating tone. "If you meant the Liberation Front, it's not a cult. We are just a group of people who care about freedom and think it should be available to everyone."

"We?!"

"Yes, we," she stated, much more assuredly that she felt. "I mean, what did you think I was talking about when I said that I was working for your aunt and travelling the world with her?"

"I thought she had hired you as her secretary, or some-such. I never imagined ..." He stopped talking and gave her an intense look. "Have you been ... you haven't let her put you in danger, have you?"

"No." It wasn't really a lie, she told herself. Mrs. Drakma had never put her in danger. She had just done things like gently asking her if she felt like rescuing this very important person from these very evil people. She had always complied, but only because saving others sounded like the right thing to do, and she was determined to do the right thing at all costs. "Look, it's nowhere near as bad as you are thinking. I don't go on missions without backup, and the backup is always great, and even if it weren't, I can hold my own now. I've even learnt to shoot guns without yelling a lot!"

"You have you been fighting?!" "Yes, I have." She beamed, hoping that it would make him stop acting as if the world were in the process of being sucked down a massive drain. It didn't seem to help. "It's not really avoidable, you know. It would be incredibly helpful if slavers could be stopped by talking to them and handing out pamphlets, but that's not how it works in reality, so often the only way to get them to quit is if you help them throw a seven."

"What."

"Throw a seven. It's something your aunt says. I don't know what it means, either, but she usually says it right before she commands us to execute someone, so I'm guessing — could you please stop looking at me like that?"

He did stop looking at her like that, but the hard, determined stare that replaced it was not a marked improvement. Valerie ran a hand through her hair and chewed the inside of her cheek with fretful thoughtfulness. She'd expected that they were done arguing for the night, if not for his whole stay, but was beginning to understand how foolish that assumption had been.

Luckily, this new gripe of his was one she felt was fair; she could effortlessly separate it from his rampant prejudice. He was worried about her, and what else were friends for if not for that? He had never seen her fight and survive, over and over. He remembered her as a girl who had cried and panicked over her first murder, a girl whose fate had depended on him stepping in and helping. Expecting him to simply accept her assurances that she could handle her new life would be unreasonable. She needed to convince him, only she didn't quite know how.

"Would it help if—"

"I know what we will do," Jack cut in. "I realize that you were in a difficult position when you went with aunt Briseis. I'm still not sure about what went down between you and aunt Marabeth that caused her to cast you out, but I'll be the first to admit that she can be ... difficult, at times. Now that I'm here, however, there is no reason why you should stay in a place like this. I'll see if I can get hold of my—"

"I'm not going back to that ... that awful, awful woman, if that's what you are suggesting!"

"—my grandparents. I haven't spoken to them in years, but I believe they'll be willing to take you in if I ask the right way."

"Your grandparents?"

"From my mother's side, yes. They live in Bourges, or at least they used to. If you give me a few days, I will arrange things so that you can move there as soon as possible."

"Bourges," she said, chewing on the word and finding it tasted familiar. "That's in France?"

"That's right."

Her memory vomited up a load of scattered, red-tinted images. Bombs going off. Limbs and heads lying dozens of feet apart. Machine-guns rattling like death with a rhythm, drowning out screams in languages she didn't understand and screams that didn't have any language to speak of. Piles of smoke and piles of bodies, both of them climbing sky-high.

"I don't like France very much," she said, her voice tiny.

"It's for the best, though. You need people to take care of you. People who aren't eager to wrap you up in their own agendas." He took a step towards her. She didn't want to be so cynical as to assume he had spotted a waver in her stance and decided to take advantage of it. Unfortunately, it did look like that was what he was doing. Nevertheless, she allowed the warm circle of his arms to envelop her and pull her close. It felt less like a solid, protective wall than she remembered, and that was a disturbing thought to have. "I imagine that it's hard, to live with the knowledge that you can never go back home, but you are not obliged to dive face-first into earthen culture just to compensate. There are others up here. Entire communities of our kind who would, if not welcome you with open arms, at least give you the opportunity to keep being yourself. When you tire of my grandparents, you can always ask to be introduced into one of them."

"You are just taking it as a given that I'll want to go to your grandparents!"

"Well, I am. Why wouldn't you accept? They won't look down on you because of your problem, if that's what you are worried about. They are good, decent folk."

"I'm sure they are. I just ..." she waved her arms around, grasping for arguments that he would be able to understand, to find reasonable. The blankets and pillows fell on the floor with a soft foof. "Is it so very inconceivable to you that I am happy with the way things are?"

"The way things are? You mean fighting, indoctrination and mice? Yes, I do find that inconceivable. Any second you spend in this dumpster is one second too long, and if you aren't capable of looking out for your best interests, I'm more than prepared to step in and do it for you."

Valerie broke away from him and bent over, ostensibly to pick up the blankets but actually so that she could blink back a few tears that were threatening to sneak out. She marched towards the living room. A beat later, Jack turned on his heels and followed her, the grimness on his face giving way to concern. She sat down on the couch, reeling from feelings she wasn't sure how to sort out. He waited, assessing if she would take issue with him joining her, and then did it anyway.

"I'm trying to help you," he told her, and she believed him. It was just that him helping often took the shape of steamrolling over her wants, being deaf to anything she said, and micromanaging the situation to a degree that would make the most staunch control-freak weep.

She hadn't minded before, or thought it necessary to complain about it, but leaving everything up to him because he knew better was turning out to be another facet of her old life that, although pleasant back then, didn't quite mesh with the new version.

Although it had been liberating, in a way, to have someone who was naturally predisposed to solve her conflicts and make choices for her, it wouldn't do anymore. She needed to put a stop to it, the sooner the better.

"I'm twenty-six," she said. It was an effort to do so without sounding petulant. "I appreciate your interest, I do, but I think I'm enough of a grown-up to decide for myself what I want to do, where I want to live and who I want to spend time with."

"Like hell you are," Jack said bluntly. He grasped her hands tightly, so tightly they went white and bloodless. She had to mutter a weak protest to get him to stop, and even then he didn't let go altogether. Jack swallowed and did his ineffectual best to soften the blow. "Your intentions are good, I'm sure. I remember when I left home to go to Charuin. Suddenly I had all the freedom, and for a while it felt like an addiction; you wouldn't have dragged me back for all the money in the world. Then that thing that happened happened, and I realized that I was nowhere near as in control of my fate as I—"

"You poisoned a girl because she said a mean thing. That's not lack of control about your fate, that's ..." There had to be a way of putting it that would prevent her from sounding mean herself, but she didn't find it. "That was just you flying off the handle and cementing the definition of 'overkill.'"

"Yes, speaking of kill," he interrupted, and she rolled her eyes to the ceiling, stifling a groan. There weren't many things that she flat-out detested about her best friend, but his selective hearing was too much for anyone to put up with. "Aunt Briseis will make you kill people, sooner or later. I'll bet you anything that she only took you in because she heard that you had murdered one of ours already. Finding ways to exploit others while making a show of goodness is what she specializes in. Say what you will about aunt Marabeth, but at least she is honest about what she is."

"There are other words that could be used to describe her better," Valerie replied in a clipped tone. The uneasy feeling that she was dipping her toe into half-buried family issues that she had little to nothing to do with curled around her spine like tendrils of smoke. Still, she soldiered on. "For what it's worth, I quite like Mrs. Drakma and I don't think that she's out to exploit me. She never told me to kill anyone either. It just ... became necessary, after a fashion."

He almost knocked her off the couch in his haste to get up and glower at her from above.

"What, or who," he spat, "did you kill?"

"I'm sad to say that it was mostly humans so far. You wouldn't believe it, but some of them are horrible enough to sell their own people to us. I had never heard of such a thing."

"The Cynihese do the same, but never mind. You never went up against one of us, then?"

"No, unless you count training sessions with your aunt and ... well, you know."

"I'm not counting that."

"Well then." Valerie looked up, found his eyes and quickly looked down again. Not only was he wearing a face that said that nothing was good in the world and likely wouldn't be for a while, he was also spearing her with a look that was eerily reminiscent of the glances Marabeth had shot her on the day Rachel had died. The look of someone who had been bitten by a bug he had pegged as harmless, and was now considering whether he should catch it and keep it in a jar or trample it underfoot. Maybe it was something he had caught from his aunt through years of close interaction. She willed herself to believe that that was exactly it. "I think we should stop arguing about this. It's unlikely to do us any good. Why don't you sit down, and I'll go make you some rodent-free coffee and see if I have clean sheets somewhere?"

Jack took a deep, labored breath and pressed a hand against his forehead.

"You are right," he said. "Arguing won't get us any further if you are being this pig-headed. I have a better idea."

-----------------------------------------------

Things were, once again, going in any way but the way Jack wished them to.

He shouldn't be surprised, and he wasn't. He was only a touch resentful that he had allowed her to surprise him. He had watched Valeriana's movements with exhausting meticulousness from the moment he placed her on her own two feet, noticing everything she noticed and making as many gruesome, violent and possibly fatal associations as she was sure to be stitching together in that deathtrap she used as a brain. It was the only way he could hope to stay two steps ahead of her, and even that had backfired. He'd expected her to go to the fork, and caught hold of the arm most likely to reach for it as soon as her body language told him she was about to make a move.

He hadn't expected her to go for the spoon. Not that fast, at least. It should have been nigh impossible, unless she had been aiming for it the entire time, which come to think about it, was likely to be the case. He hadn't expected her to stick the back of the spoon where she did either, although he later recognized that it had been the obvious choice, provided you were the sort of person who routinely thought about which body parts could be damaged the most with the smallest amount of strength or exertion.

He looked at her, through the eye that wasn't hidden by a blood-soaked napkin and was busily knitting itself together. She leaned back in the chair she was currently — and thoroughly — bound to with the air of an artisan who, after spending days and nights working feverishly on a masterpiece, finally sees it finished and ready to be appraised critically.

If he focused, which wasn't as easy as that, since most of what he could focus on at the present was the lingering stabs that filled his right eye socket, he could navigate and interpret her thoughts through the busy river of emotions that washed over her face. The soft clicking of her tongue was a "Should have dug in deeper and twisted a few more times!" if he had ever heard one, the gentle dimple in her forehead a resigned "Ah well, I suppose I could have done a lot worse."

"You know," she said, in a suspiciously pleasant tone, "If being mated to you ends up being in any way similar to five minutes ago, I think I just might be able to stomach it after all. How's your eye?"

Her mouth was smiling. Horribly, because that was the only way she could smile nowadays unless she happened to try otherwise, and the reason it was horrible was that the smile went to her eyes, stopped dead, and backtracked at full speed.

"Healing," Jack replied. Not growling out the word took effort, but he managed. "Are you comfortable?"

She made a show of examining the chains around her legs, midsection, neck and arms. He couldn't help but feel proud of his work. After making do with the chains he had hidden behind the tablecloth just in case they were needed, he'd asked for more. She had been firmly tied at that point, but he figured that adding a few more layers of metal couldn't hurt. Besides, weaving the shining strands around her in ways that were as constricting as they were pleasing to the eye had been relaxing.
"I'm good, thanks," she said, and stared at the napkin in front of his face as if she was in love with it.

He wondered why he was still bothering to be civil. It wasn't simply failing to impress her, it was making her even grouchier than usual, which was puzzling in itself. He knew enough about the way human society worked to realize that most of them weren't completely lacking in manners, so it was unlikely they had conditioned her to see politeness as something undesirable. Perhaps it was just because it was him? There didn't seem to be an end to the number of things she was willing to refuse on the grounds that he was the one offering them.

He was determined to see it through to the bitter end, though. Therefore, he picked up a clean spoon, piled up some rice and assorted seafood on a plate, shoved it towards her and hoped for the best.

Valeriana gave him a look that could only be described as contemptuous.

"Am I supposed to pick up a fork with my hands tied?" She didn't add a "you idiot!", but only, he presumed, because she felt it would be redundant. "Or are you planning to hand-feed me?"

They exchanged a glance. She slammed her mouth shut, horrorstruck.

"It's an idea," he said. A good one, too. There was nothing about the picture of her literally eating from his hand that didn't appeal to him. It wasn't, however, very in line with the scenario he was still determined to lay out. "You know, we could have a pretty fun and lively relationship if you ever made those suggestions seriously."

The only response he got was a snort. There was something odd about her posture, though. He only started noticing after a few instants of ponderous silence, but she was strangely twitchy for somebody who wasn't being threatened. In fact, she looked more out of sorts than when she was being threatened, and her attempts to hide it did nothing but highlight her discomfort.

She was also, and this he picked up quicker, not looking at the plate in front of her with the same deliberation that she hadn't been looking at the fork some minutes ago. It could be another misdirect, of course, but it was good to cover all his bases.

"If you are worried I poisoned the food, I can taste it for you. After I figure out how I get you to eat it without trying to murder me with it." He said it in a tone that was far kinder than he felt like using, considering that his right eye was still throbbing like an exposed heart.

Her reaction caught him by surprise. Annoyance or scorn would have been expected. To have her curl her lip and snarl at him with raw possessiveness was all but. He blinked, only a bit painfully, and looked from her haggard face to the plate in front of her. Somewhere in the cellars of his mind, a penny started a long but swift journey towards the ground.

-----------------------------------------------

"Val, when was the last time someone fed you?"

Valerie sat still for a second that encompassed eternities in psychological time. Then she screamed. She started by screaming at the giant blob of cluelessness sitting in front of her, and kept it going for so long that it became unfocused. By the time it turned into an enraged, spitting gurgle, she was directing it at nothing in particular, but she didn't care. Considering the way it had been working lately, the world in general deserved to put up with it.

Once her voice broke and she was reduced to silence, she smoothed her features into a calm-if-reddened mask and surreptitiously checked if the crystal glasses on the table were still intact. Then she asked, a tad hoarsely:

"I blew up my kitchen on July fifth, right?"

"Right."

"And what day was it when I escaped from the Mayfly?"

"July seventh."

"And what day is it today?"

"The twentieth." His reply was prompt and she didn't see why he would lie about something that minor, but she was still taken aback. That was a lot more days than she had expected. More than enough time for the Front to locate her if they were still trying.

Were they still trying? It occurred to her that they could not be. After all, she knew little to nothing about how things had gone down in Westmont. Jack hadn't gloated about killing or capturing Mrs. Drakma, and therefore she assumed that she was free, but maybe he just hadn't gotten around to it yet. Gods knew he had a veritable toilet roll of gloating that he was carefully hoarding. "I have murdered your mentor!" couldn't figure too high on the list.

If Mrs. Drakma was dead, would the others think to search for her? Johanna would, and Santos probably would, and old lady Makkena had always been fond of her, but would anybody else rally behind them when there were doubtlessly so many other, more important things that needed to be taken care of? It wasn't as if most of them never spent time teasing her about her "boyfriend" as Jack had never made his obsession with her anything but obvious. For any man or woman that would worry, there'd be another going, "Well, we all know he's smitten with her, so she can't be having it too bad, and anyway, who's to say that's not how all aliens woo each other?"

There was also a niggling, dreadful voice in her head that suggested that maybe they wouldn't care at all. Maybe they would decide they'd had enough of her kind and just write her off as a loss. She had nothing that supported the possibility besides her own biting insecurity, but still. Still.

"Your asshole friend gave me a bit of bread on the seventh. Apart from that, nothing until now," she should have screamed it, or failing that, growled it at him, but her voice was spent and she didn't have the energy anymore. "Are you trying to tell me that you weren't starving me intentionally?"

"No!" he shouted, and then, thinking it required clarification, added, "No, I was not aware that you hadn't been given any food."

"You kept me unconscious a lot, didn't you? And you were more interested in other things the few times I was awake, so unless you haven't thought about it at all, you should have known that ..."

Valerie trailed off. Dead silence blew from the other end of the table. Silence, with a hint of horror and the bitter aftertaste of embarrassment.

"You remember asking me," she said, not without glee, "to rate how stupid I thought you were? Well, the pointer just hit zero so hard I think it broke. How dense do you have to be to not realize that living things need sustenance? I thought you had learned that lesson after that time you forgot to feed your parakeet and starved it to death! For someone who claims to care so much about my well-being, you—"

"You never said a word about being hungry! You never complained!"

"Of course I didn't. It's not like you listen to my complaints. Besides, I thought you would use it as a tool to bargain or manipulate me. And now that I mentioned it, you probably will!"

The chair he was sitting on scraped the floor with a strident noise as he threw it back and stood up. She watched him warily, because damned if she could tell what he was thinking right now.

Strangely enough, he watched her in the exact same way. His steps were measured to carry him towards her with the speed and steadiness of a floating iceberg, as if he himself were less than eager to reach his destination. He stopped half a foot away and looked down at the plate in front of her. Had the chains allowed it, she would have kicked herself. Of course. Why had she been giving him ideas again?

Valerie bit her tongue, conscious that snarling at him again would be unhelpful, and kept tracking his hand. It was difficult to keep a measure of shock off her face when, instead of lifting the plate and taking it away, he pushed it towards her. She gritted her teeth, refusing to let her astonishment show. It could still be a trick. She was chained, he could snatch it away in an instant...

"Go ahead, eat," he said, and nodded encouragingly.

"Hands. Still. Tied."

"Ah, right." He bent over, key in hand, thought better about it and straightened, giving her a careful, thoughtful look. She noticed a slight tremor in the corner of his mouth. He noticed her noticing and pulled his face straight, but not in time. Cogs turned inside her head. Suspicion rose. Understanding dawned once more.

"Are you nervous?"

"No," he said, too fast and too unconvincingly.

"Yes, you are. You are sweating, failing to concentrate, and one inconvenience away from flipping, and you are disguising all of that badly. Why are you nervous?" She tilted her head, waiting for an answer and praying that the underlying And how may I ensure that you become even more nervous, and therefore give myself a chance to use it against you? was subtle enough.

Jack didn't grace her with an answer. He ran a hand through his hair, digging his nails so deeply that she could swear she'd heard bits of his scalp being sliced off. No, of course he wasn't nervous. It wasn't as if he looked the part so very well.

He was nervous for no good reason, too. He had her tied up, had as much control over her as he could wish for. All that she had was resolve and enough insults to fill every letter of the alphabet, and those were good for looking plucky, but wouldn't help her escape anytime soon. Nervousness was misplaced on him.

He looked from her to the plate again, quite restlessly for someone who claimed to be calm. Then he glanced around, at the many angrily glowing candles, nice antique furniture, tablecloth that had been embroidered by hand by someone who was clearly very good at it, and all the fat roses you could want — or not, as the case might be.

Once he had made a show of checking out every object in the room, he turned to her again. The look on his face was puzzling. It was tired and exasperated and, against all probability, hopeful. Not even Valerie could guess what was about to happen, but she leaned back in her chair, putting as many inches of extra distance between them as the chains allowed. Just in case.

"You see," he swallowed a few times, took a few deep breaths and restarted. "You keep acting like I'm about to pull out a knife and torture you and ... you do know that this is a date, right?"

"Like hell it is!"

"Flowers. Candles. Food. You. Me," he insisted, gesturing to the corresponding articles. Valerie's eyes glazed over and turned towards whatever god made a habit of living in ceilings to pray for help. It didn't come. Jack went on, sounding increasingly more secure. "It's a date."

Valerie was starting to convince herself that he had flipped — truly flipped this time, gone round the bend and back, happily traipsed off the edge of sanity — because nothing else was as satisfying an explanation for whatever the hell he was trying. If it wasn't that, and he had simply graduated from fucking her body to fucking with her mind by being weird beyond belief, then she had to give him full marks, because she didn't know what to make of anything that was happening.

"I just gored your eye out with a spoon!"

"A date with some room for improvement, then."

"This is a trap."

"Not everything is a trap, Valerie."

"Everything related to you sure is!"

Jack sighed and shifted one of his arms to reach for the chair he had abandoned. He broke it off the floor and lifted it over the table, nearly hitting a glass with one of its feet, and placed it on the floor in front of her. He sat down, shifted his arm back to normal, fished the lamprey from its tray and waved it in front of her face. Valerie was about to mouth a weary "What the hell" when he pushed it, head-first, towards her lips.

She jerked her own head back and shook it. Whoever had prepared the delicacy hadn't considered that most people wouldn't think it very appetizing to have it staring at them. She was half-starved, sure, but that starvation was now being introduced to something that in addition to being shaped like a dick, had round, dead eyes and a mouth like a toothed anus.

She was, quite understandably, starting to think something along the lines of "No, I believe I'm good after all." She had never found anything sea-based that she wouldn't devour and enjoy, but she suspected that resolution was about to be put to the test.

"Eat," Jack said, pressing it forward again and staring at her confusedly when she refused to open her mouth. "Come on, you'll be less cranky and confrontational once you have your stomach full."

"Are you willing to bet money on mmff." Valerie instinctively clamped her mouth — and teeth — shut, snapping the head off in one messy, crunchy bite. It was undercooked and could do with more salt, but the roaring hunger in her gut hardly minded. She swallowed. The chunk of fish sailed down her throat like a warm lava stone, hit her stomach, and was instantly and gratefully engulfed. She glared at Jack, who had gone pale. When she realized why, she almost choked on her effort not to laugh. "Ah, yes. That is what I'll do to anything that you try to put into my mouth. Something you should keep in mind, I think."

"I'll try." He still fed her the rest of the fish, though, and she had chewed her way through half of it, bones and all, before it occurred to her that she should have a problem with that. It was obedience, even if it was also satisfying a need of her own that, she was sure, surpassed his need to see her do something without complaint.

Valerie decided to try something different. She was willing to be charitable and believe that he hadn't chosen to feed her a phallic-shaped fish on purpose. The look he'd given her when she'd started milling the white flesh between her teeth had possessed the startled, understanding-dawning quality of someone whose mind had just unexpectedly face-planted in a gutter. That was no reason not to take advantage of it, though. If anything, it served as an incentive. If the worst came to pass and she didn't escape him, it would only do her good to discourage him from demanding anything that started and ended with B.

She swallowed the bit she'd been chewing and edged her head forward, until her mouth was inches away from what was left of the lamprey. She licked her lips with slow deliberation, running her tongue from one corner to another enough times for him to get caught up in the movement, and more than enough to get them properly wetted. Then she parted them, and gracefully bent her neck forward.

It was a pity that she'd politely excused herself that time Maria had tried to inflict a pile of Cosmos on her. She was sure that almost half of the covers had purported tips on how to improve one's sex life, and that many of them related to turning a regular, strictly-for-eating mouth into a "'smoking-hot pouch of luvin'." Although Valerie couldn't care less about making the act pleasurable for whatever was on the receiving end, it would be nice if she remembered anything about how to make it look enticing. The few times she'd witnessed someone blowing someone, it had been a sickening but mercifully short sight. One usually followed up with "Unhand that woman/man/child/sentient being that I can't identify at the moment!" and gunshots if the blowee failed to comply — or, in that one case where she'd had to use the third option, even if he did.

Well, to hell with it. Judging by the faint redness that crept down his face, Jack was already thinking in the direction she needed him to. Besides, he liked inexperience, didn't he? Most of his insistence on exterminating anything male that crossed her path had been born of jealousy, but she refused to believe that his behavior didn't have a component of wanting to ensure he was the one to give her all her firsts. Because girls who went wide-eyed and whispered trembling, mewling "Will it fit?" despite having millenniums of evolution and presumably some years of sex-ed assuring them that it would, were just so endearing.

Valerie deliberately shoveled away the bitter reminder that for a while, while he forced her open the first time, her thoughts had danced dangerously close to the irrational, panicky drivel she was sneering at.

Her mouth closed around a dangling bit of fish and plucked it off the rest with a light sucking noise. She looked up, batting her eyelashes in an appropriately innocent manner, and saw that Jack was giving her the mother of all side-eyes. He'd gone past slightly reddened and all the way to flushed, but was still not saying anything.

Smiling to herself, she swallowed and tilted her head to give what was left of the lamprey's back a tentative lick. Her tongue traveled up, sliding over the dark, crispy skin until it reached the part Jack was holding. It came as no surprise that he immediately thrust his hand forward, giving her better access. She rewarded him with a quick, almost shy touch of lips against his thumb. Then she retreated until her mouth was level with the end she'd started with and, without taking her eyes off his face, started again.

Jack smiled. It was a guarded smile, one that hadn't quite decided yet whether it wanted to be happy, sly, amused, self-satisfied, grim, threatening, or just a smile for politeness' sake. He lifted his left hand, holding it where she could see it — and, more importantly, see where it was headed — and laid it on top of her head. Valerie awarded herself a cautious pat on the back for not flinching.

He ran his thumb over her right temple, scratching it with soft, cautious motions, as if he was trying to pet a strange cat. She stilled, briefly wondered if purring would be overdoing it, and decided it was worth a try. In response, his hand slid down to the nape of her neck and nudged her forward. She obliged.

Then she bit down, as forcefully and as loudly as possible, tearing the lamprey in half in one go. She let out a hoarse, content moan as her throat worked the huge chunk of fish down. Jack's hand tightened on her neck, fully by instinct, and then relaxed and resumed the petting. She heard him sigh the frustrated sigh of someone whose libido had just been turned on and off like a malfunctioning traffic light.

"I shouldn't say anything and let you continue," he mused aloud, "but this is really unnecessary."

"Oh, I think it's necessary."

"It's not. I don't intend to force you to suck me off." He rolled his eyes at her disbelieving expression. "Don't get me wrong; it's not like I wouldn't love it. You wouldn't, though. In my experience, getting a cock down their throat is something that women only enjoy if they are up for it to begin with, or after much coaching. Otherwise, all you get is some unpleasant spluttering, and in your case, blood and minced meat. I don't want to do anything to you that you won't have a chance of liking, so we'll wait."

"Sure. It's just no fun unless you get to tell me that it's my own fault that your raping ways made me cry, right?"

"You can take it like that." He shrugged and brought what was left of the lamprey to her mouth. "Eat. You can also keep tonguing it if you want, but keep in mind that the fish didn't donate its body to be used in anything involving sexual conditioning slash manipulation slash ham-fisted seduction."

Valerie almost choked for real.

"So, a fucking dead fish's consent is more important to you than mine. Good to know."

He rolled his eyes again, which seemed like the only reply she would get. Fuming, she went back to eating normally. Not because she believed him, but because, despite her best efforts, he'd been left mostly unfazed by what she'd done. If she kept it up, he'd just shake his head and, possibly, laugh.

She tore the flesh resentfully until the last sliver had gone down her throat and only a bit of dark tail remained. She leaned in and, instead of clamping her teeth around it, did so with the fingers that held it. To her consternation, Jack didn't blink or act surprised. He took hold of her nose, and pressed it closed until she was forced to open her mouth to gasp for air. She tried to suck in as much as she could without letting go of his thumb, but eventually her jaw gave up and slackened.
"See? Was that so hard?" he patted her head with the same hand she had tried to bite off and smiled as if he didn't have a care in the world. "Now, this is how it's going to go. I'm going to unchain your hands, and you are going to pick up this fork over here and use it for the purpose it was invented. You are going to stop biting everything except what's on that plate in front of you, although you may gnaw on the table if you truly can't help yourself. While you eat, I'm going to talk to you and you are going to respond. I won't be uncivil, so there's no reason why you should be in return. If things don't end up going like that ... well, let's just say that the consequences will be unpleasant."

"Is that so?"

"Yes," he said, and started unchaining her. As soon as her right hand was free, it shot out to scratch his face, because it wasn't as if she had agreed to anything, and unpleasant consequences were two degrees below meaningless after everything he'd done already.

He caught her wrist, observed it carefully and brought her hand to his lips. He pressed them against it lightly, barely brushing her skin, and somehow that gesture felt more threatening than it would have been had he tried to bite her or put any force into it. She tried to pull back, knowing in advance that she wouldn't have much luck and regretting that she hadn't let him free her other hand before trying anything. At least then she would have been able to slap him with it.

"Let go," she demanded. He squinted at her over her hand and shook his head.

"Do you intend to start behaving anytime soon?"

"Never."

"Then I think I won't let go." He ran his thumb over her knuckles and looked at her intently. "I want you to understand something, Valerie. You might not realize it, not yet, but you are lucky you got stuck with me. If it had been anyone else, like say, Sykes, do you think you would get this much leeway to act out and swear? He'd have you crawling on the floor and eating from a dog bowl in ten seconds flat. As for what he'd do to your body ... you won't believe this either, but what I've done so far counts as a slow initiation. Few others would wait to --"

"So you haven't shoved tentacles up all of my holes yet. Do you want a cookie for that?"

"I want you to acknowledge that I'm making an effort to better our relationship, and to take responsibility for throwing said effort away."

"And I want world peace and a purple pony that shits rainbows. Doesn't mean I'm getting either, because — newsflash — wanting something doesn't mean that others are meant to give it to you. You want to rape me again? Go right ahead. It'll be less painful and only a bit more dull than sitting here and smiling at whatever bullshit you decide to throw at me for the duration of this date." The word date was spat out in a violent staccato tone, but she suspected that "dull" had been the one to make him pause and look affronted.

A moment later, he looked smug, and that was terrifying.

It hit her, out of the blue, that he hadn't lied about not being nervous. The symptoms that she had attributed to nerves had been nothing more and nothing less than the natural wariness of someone who navigates strange waters for the first time. Now he was returned to his element and back to being a bastard, and there was no more reason for awkward pauses or distractions. It was sad, in a way. She could have sworn there had been a time when acting halfway decent hadn't been a concept so alien that it left him out of sorts. Maybe that was just wishful thinking on her part, though.

"I think I know why you are so set against all of this," he said, drawling each word. "You are afraid."

"Brilliant conclusion. Care to source it properly?"

"You are afraid," he went on, his eyes shining with unholy glee, "that if you allow me to be nice to you, if you allow yourself to enjoy anything I do to you, you will start liking me again. You've held on until now because you are running on hatred, and you are terrified -- honestly terrified -- that if you allow me to prove that I'm not that bad, I'll take away the only thing you have to hold on to. The only thing that compels you to defy me."

There was silence. Then, a soft, wheezy laugh followed by a choked but firm "Nah."

"Hating you," she said, her hand trembling in his grasp to stop itself from forming a fist, "is not a survival mechanism or anything that requires effort to maintain. It's my duty and my pleasure. If I didn't hate you, however ... if I were to love you exactly as much as you want me to, I would still end your life if offered the chance. Because you are what you are, and the fact that one person feels for you is not enough to justify your existence. Not if you are going to keep hurting others, as we both know you will. Take my hatred away, if you can. It will change nothing."

"Then there's no reason why you shouldn't allow me to be good to you, is there? If it doesn't matter how you feel about me, and if nothing can change what you feel, why not allow me to do things that are in your best interest?" He waved his hand to shut her up before she could get out a sarcastic "I don't see how humoring your crazy would be in my best interest at all!" Usually something like that wouldn't have deterred her, but since he waved it close enough to her mouth, she felt there was a better way of expressing her opinion. He jerked the hand away just in time. "I could also lock you up and leave you alone until it's time to drag you out and bind us. It would be no trouble. But then you'd be left without opportunities to escape or insult me, and wouldn't that be a shame?"

Valerie opened her mouth, then closed it. She had to admit he had her there.

"Eating, shutting up, leaving your face alone," she said, counting off items with the hand he wasn't groping. She liked the eating bit. The rest left something to be desired. "That's all you want?"

"I don't necessarily want you to shut up altogether. I just want you to tone down the arguing, the complaining and the profanity, so that we can have a regular, peaceful conversation for a change."

"If I agree to that, can I pick the subject?" she interrupted. He blinked.

"I don't see why not."

Idiot.

-----------------------------------------------

Jack's better idea turned out to involve some climbing out of windows, and a lot of fiddling with said windows to get them to open without pulling them out of the frame. Most were stuck closed with a layer of congealed moss and grime, which he eyed with contempt but was smart enough to say nothing about. Ultimately, they settled for the kitchen window, which was wide enough for his purposes and just mewled a bit before sliding up.

His idea also involved going jacket-less into the chilly night air. Valerie crossed her arms over her chest as a blast of wind entered the kitchen and struck her. She looked down at the street with some apprehension. There weren't many people about. A lone drunk who had decided to spend the night strewn over a pile of comfortable garbage bags, two gentlemen in brown suits, and a dowdy housewife who had somehow figured that 1:00 AM was the best time to hang the laundry on her balcony. They all seemed to be very much absorbed in their respective tasks, but they would only need to look up to see a man sitting on a windowsill, bent forward with his legs dangling in the air.

She shook her head at him.

"If someone confuses you with a jumper and calls the police, I'll tell them that I don't know you."

"That would be a hard lie to sell," Jack replied. He had cheered up considerably since she had, after some fruitless demands to know what he was getting her into, decided to roll over and follow without questioning him further. He was even grinning again. She realized she had missed his grin. It made him look not only younger, but also a great deal less intimidating.

"If they confuse you with a robber, I'll know you even less!"

He barked out a laugh. She watched him twist around and get hold of the drainpipe. He grimaced -- unsurprisingly, as the rusty metal should be frozen thoroughly enough to burn his skin -- but caught himself quickly and started clambering up. There was only one floor between her apartment and the roof, so it took him no time at all to reach it, grab a corner and hoist himself onto the tiles.

"Come on," he shouted. "We don't have all night!"

"Keep it down, ya wanker!" someone bellowed one story above. Some loud banging on the ceiling with what was presumably a broom followed, and then an angrier and possibly even more affronted roar. "Us's trying to sleep here!"

Valerie stopped herself from dying of embarrassment just in time to duck inside. A window was shoved open above her and an elderly man in a yellow nightcap peered out, swiveling his head around like a searchlight. He made clicking noises with his tongue, muttered something not very pleasant about those bloody foreigners and pulled the window back down. She waited until his thumping footsteps faded away. Then, she lifted herself onto the windowsill and climbed up the drainpipe as fast as she could.

Jack was waiting for her on the roof.

"What was the human saying? I couldn't understand everything."

"We are foreign, therefore many bad things I will not repeat. Which is interesting, because I don't think he was American either." She blew on her hands to get her circulation going again and looked around.

She'd never been on the roof of the building, for reasons that should be obvious. It would be hard to call it a hospitable place. It had a flat ridge that, although long, was barely wide enough for two people to stand on side by side, and sloped down unevenly at the ends. A lot of the tiles looked like they had been broken for a while, and ice and snow pooled in the leftover gaps. The surface was also peppered with an impressive number of large stones.

Valerie was still puzzling over how those had gotten up there when Jack demanded her attention.

"I want to make a deal."

"Uhm?"

"I'm willing to agree to disagree on your views regarding humans," he said. She wished he hadn't said it in a tone that suggested there were some additions he had purposely neglected to tack onto the sentence. Like "For now" and "Just because I'm sick of arguing about it." Still, it was a start, and because of that, she gave him an encouraging nod to go on. "What I can't stand is the thought of you running around doing gods know what and getting yourself hurt, killed or worse. You claim that there is no danger because you know how to protect yourself; I want a chance to show you how wrong you are. Fight me. If you manage to land a single hit, I'll keep quiet about your life choices for as long as you are alive to make them. If not, the only thing I'll ask is that you rethink things."

"Just that?" Valerie shielded her eyes from the wind and glanced at him suspiciously. It sounded good. Too good to be true, even. "If I lose, I just need to rethink things? You won't demand that I leave the Front?"

"No, because I suspect you wouldn't accept a condition like that, and I can't exactly force you to do anything." Jack ran a hand over his chin and gave her an apologetic smile. "Well, I suppose I could throw you over my shoulder and cart you all the way to France, but you would never let me hear the end of it. Besides, I want to believe you have enough sense to know that if you can't win against me, you don't stand a chance of surviving a real battle."

Valerie focused on one of the stones lying in front of her boot and mused furiously. Her first instinct was to agree. A refusal would give him the impression that she was afraid, that she lacked confidence in her skills, which she didn't. Not much, anyway. However ...

Fighting was something done with enemies, not friends. She would do it often with Mrs. Drakma, but that hardly counted because it was training. What Jack was suggesting sounded far more serious, and it was a chore to come to grips with the notion.

If she agreed, would he hurt her?

If she agreed, would she hurt him?

"All right," she said, hoping against all hope that the snarling wind would disguise the tremble in her voice. She hadn't known what her answer would be until the moment it was out of her mouth. "Do you want to do it now, or...?"

"I wouldn't have asked you up here otherwise."

"Oh. I see. Is there any reason why it had to be on the roof?"

"Because the slavers you hunt won't let you choose the setting of your fights, because doing this inside would lead to your house looking even more like a dumpster than it already does, and because the humans would try to interfere if we were to duke it out on the street." He stepped back, putting a few feet between them. "Whenever you are ready."

"Yes," Valerie mumbled. Would he take it the wrong way, she wondered, if she were to start? He had yet to shift, and Mrs. Drakma had told her a thousand times that she needed to get better at taking advantage of her opportunities and learn to hit while the enemy wasn't ready, sporting chance be damned. The woman would have to be disappointed in her, though, because she wasn't about to be the one to throw the first punch no matter what reason told her. She gulped and nodded at him. "You can,uhm, attack."

And attack he did. She had a fraction of a second to remind herself that she wasn't the only one who had recently been in a war, and that the war he'd been in had likely left him a lot more prepared to face another Tsikalayan than she was. She somersaulted to the left to avoid his foot and landed on the right side of the roof, scattering and breaking a few more tiles. Mrs. Drakma wouldn't have approved of that either. She had a lot to say about gratuitous acrobatics.

Jack was already turning around. She took some wicked pleasure from the look of surprise on his face, until she reminded herself that it was only there because he believed her capable of very little. Anything above poking his chest with a nail was bound to leave him impressed.

"Good one," he said. She smiled, but stopped when he charged her again. He skated over the patches of ice, using them to gain speed, and this time she wasn't fast enough to get out of the way. She braced herself, expecting the familiar feeling of wind being knocked out of her lungs by a punch to the gut. Instead, he gave her a sharp, swift shove, which knocked her over but left her mostly unhurt. She jumped to her feet and launched herself at him. He sidestepped, but didn't take advantage of the opening to kick her that she had just all but handed him.

A suspicion started growing within her, filling her subconscious and moving steadily towards the surface like fat in a pot of boiling water.

"You're going easy on me!" she exclaimed, aghast.

"Of course I am going easy on you. I don't want to break you in half."

He seemed unconcerned with her accusation, which in her mind was the most offensive thing of all. Mrs. Drakma never gave her any breaks. If she were to ask for one, the woman would laugh it off, call her some quaint synonyms for whiner, endeavor to hit her even harder, and tell her to sweep the floor afterwards. The same went for everyone in the Front, and she would never complain, because there was a pleasant security in knowing that, come the day she defeated one of them, she would do so fairly and without help. It was how it should be. Coddling was something reserved for the weak and soon-to-be-dead, and it wasn't hard to figure out which category Jack placed her in.

"Well, don't!" She saw him shrug, still fully nonchalant, and her heart sank. He wouldn't make it a real fight. Doing that would require him to take her seriously.

She knew she should be glad for it; one of the first things she had learned about handling herself in a fight, right after "No, screaming bloody murder and waving your arms like you're trying to squash a spider doesn't help!" was that having the enemy underestimate her was a good thing. However, she couldn't use that to her advantage in this fight. Her goal was showing him what she was capable of, not winning.

If she let him continue to make the battle a lackluster affair, he'd go on thinking that she had only done well because he hadn't been trying too hard. She didn't think that he'd go back on his promise to stop badgering her, but he would still worry, and Jack could worry like nobody's business. She couldn't help but feel miffed that he was depriving her of the only chance she had to reassure him that he didn't need to lose any sleep over what she was doing.

He waited until she was done sorting out her thoughts, which wasn't the sort of thing that should ever be done in a respectable battle. Fine, then. If he wanted to pretend that she was a child he was humoring with silly games, she might as well fulfill his expectations and throw a tantrum.

Then she spotted a rock, barely larger than a pebble, lying half a foot from where she was standing, and decided that it would be more helpful to throw something else. After all, pouting and stomping around would hardly be conductive to having him listen, and her cantankerous neighbor had that last base thoroughly covered, judging by the energetic bangs of wood on wood coming from below.

She ducked, rolled and went up like a spring, grabbing the stone in one fluid movement. It left her hand a fraction of a second later and sailed through the air with the slowness of honey running from a spoon. It didn't do more than lightly tap its target when it landed, but that was enough to get her point across. Suddenly, Jack was smiling less. He caught the stone before it hit the ground and studied it. Valerie held her breath, and held his gaze just as steadily when he looked up.

"Well then, if you want to be like that ..."

"Yes. Thank you. Finally!" she breathed. Whatever air was left in her lungs after that was quickly expelled when he landed on her, bringing her down with his weight. Her first instinct was to claw at his face. Then she remembered that he was her friend and that it wasn't even supposed to be a real fight, and didn't. Then she kicked herself, because it was a real fight, that was the whole point of it, and tried to shift her nails and reach up. Unfortunately, by then he had pinned her wrists together above her head and crouched over her, trapping her waist and hips between his legs.

"If I were your enemy," he whispered in her ear, his words chillier than any wind, "you'd be dead."

She craned her neck and nipped his cheek. He made a lot of noise in response, though most of it was incredulous rather than pained, and she used the brief reprieve from being pressed down to wriggle her hands out of his grasp and scramble away. She turned to look at him. A thin trail of blood ran from the neat line of bite-marks on his cheek to the nape of his neck.

"I'm sorry," she said, meaning it, and aimed a quick kick at his head.

He caught her foot, stood up, and shoved her away before she had time to free it. For a moment, she was filled with fury. He wasn't tired, or anything resembling tired. He hadn't even tried a real attack. He was still just swatting her, like she was a fly he wasn't too interested in crushing but needed out of the way.

The worst part was that even with him putting in the minimal amount of effort, she still wasn't winning.

Suddenly, she realized she was still sliding back and probably ought to be stopping. She dug her heels into the tiles, only to have a loud twang warn her that whatever she was standing on wasn't made of stone or clay. Jack yelled at her, alarmed, and started running towards her in long, determined strides. But probably not as determined as that, she thought morosely, as she looked down at the drainpipe she was standing on and —

— realized —
— what it was that he was so upset about.

The drainpipe made a noise, and she did too, and then they were both summarily and mercilessly introduced to gravity.

-----------------------------------------------

Jack was of two minds about letting the decision of what they should talk about fall to her. The reason being that there was no room for uncertainty about which subject she would pick, and he didn't relish the prospect of spending another hour pounding a dead horse. On the other hand, allowing her to air all of her grievances in one go wasn't that bad an idea. Perhaps she'd run out of steam at some point.

One could only hope.

He steepled his fingers and watched her over his empty plate. Between the spoon, the biting, the out of the blue quasi-oral-sex and the never-ending spitting defiance, he'd lost his appetite. Hers hadn't suffered as much as a dent. She refilled her plate with more rice and seafood, even after she'd already stuffed her face with two medium-sized portions, with nary a pause to breathe or chew. She dug into the third with the same unreserved enthusiasm, leaving her right arm bowed around the plate. From time to time it twitched, a telltale sign that despite having her eyes glued on the food, she was still keeping track of his movements in case he tried to snatch it away.

It was ... troubling that she imagined he'd want to. It was more troubling still that he couldn't blame her. He'd promised himself that he'd take care of her, to the best of his ability and beyond. He'd promised it to her too, and small wonder she hadn't taken him seriously. Of all the things he could have forgotten, it had to be the meals. He felt like the thought had popped in his brain once or twice, but fleetingly, and been erased by the automatic assumption that feeding prisoners was something others were paid to sort out.

Of course, he had made it clear that nobody was to approach her without permission, and they didn't care enough about her comfort to mention feeding her unless she voiced a complaint. Which she wouldn't do, because her godforsaken pride wouldn't let her. Because she believed wholeheartedly that his reaction would hang between not listening and mocking her while she starved.

"I'm not out to hurt you," he said aloud. He only realized he'd done it when she stopped with the fork halfway to her mouth, stared at him for a few seconds and graced him with a minimal noise of disbelief. Then she resumed the seemingly endless process of chowing food down. He cleared his throat. "You'll get indigestion if you don't go slower."

"At least now I have something to digest," she shot back. Since her mouth was full and busily swallowing, it came out as Ashundjest!

He had to admit she had a point there.

She emptied the third plate and refilled again. This time she went about eating more slowly; she started choosing what to stick the fork into, and even chewed it for a while once it reached her mouth. She made no attempts to initiate a conversation, however. The pauses between swallowing and picking more rice soon became long enough to fill with sentences, but she kept quiet.

It started to dawn on him that there was a loophole in his concession to let her choose the subject. She could very well choose none at all. He wouldn't mind too much if the silence that it left them with were a comfortable kind of silence. One like they used to have, where lack of talking was a side effect of already knowing everything the other would say, and both were fine with that. This silence had an edge to it, like gas-filled air that the slightest spark, the one misplaced word, would ignite.

"I want to talk about what happened in Westmont."

"What is there left to talk about?" he asked, so relieved that she'd been the one to start after all that it took him a second to be taken aback by the odd choice of subject.

Westmont was done with. Not in the way he wished it'd be, but it was done with. She knew that. She knew that her so-called friends had made it out, she knew that the battle was over and her side had emerged victorious. He had even given her free range to assume that Briseis was still at large, as informing her about the woman's presence would only upset her further.

If this was an attempt at picking a topic that wouldn't lead to a fight, there were better ones. The weather, for instance. The life circle of fruit flies. Dandruff. If she was doing the opposite, and resurrecting the Westmont issue to have something new to be inflamed about, there were, again, better topics to pick. Westmont was one he could shut down with a well-placed 'But you won in the end!', and she had to know that too.

"Some things." Her eyes met his, and they were unreadable. "I want to know everything that happened between the moment I put Nick in drag and the one when I woke here for the first time."

"Why? You know what happened. You were there."

She dropped her eyes to the half-empty plate and slid her hands under the table. It was reasonable to guess that she was balling them into fists, and that threw him off too. If all she wanted was for him to give her his version of events, so that she could nitpick or criticize it or call him a monster for the millionth time, he doubted she'd look so ... lost.

"I don't know what happened. Don't remember," she added. He didn't bother to study her to see if she was lying. It wasn't as if he would be able to tell.

Was there any reason why she would be lying, anyway? She had nothing to gain with it. Unless she was trying to test him, to check if he would feed her a different version of how things had gone. If that was the case, all he needed to do to get her to trust him an inch more was tell the truth. However, if she somehow wasn't lying ...

If she wasn't lying, wouldn't he be wasting the perfect chance to spin a tale that would put his recent actions in a better light? Say he told her he...

He thought for a minute, and ended up conceding that his imagination wouldn't cooperate as it should no matter how much he forced it. It would have to be the truth then.

"You put Nick in drag," he started, smiling wryly at the mental image, "and you took out the lights. I don't know for sure what happened afterward, since you took down the cameras with them. Somewhere along the line you reunited with your colleagues. A fight broke out on the lower levels. Since you were trapped with nowhere to go, I decided to send everyone in to drive you deeper. Since I was bedridden on account of you blowing up your kitchen on top of us — thank you for that by the way — I didn't join in. They got you cornered on the lowest floor and pumped sleeping gas in from one up. Si'jan confirmed that you were all unconscious. Not even two seconds later, I lost contact with his team. Sometime later still, Nick bursts into my room in a dress and yells that we need to get the fuck away before everything explodes. Which it does, not even a second after we make it out."

"How?"

"We climbed through the elevator shaft."

"No, I mean how did it explode?"

"I wouldn't know. There were no explosives in the building, at least not in quantities large enough to blow up more than a single floor. We were on the street, wondering about how to clean the rubble and reach everyone who was trapped inside, when your lot showed up. Since we were two against two hundred disgruntled and armed humans, we ran."

Her face, which had stayed frozen throughout his report, twitched ever so slightly.

"You said we were on the lowest level. How did we make it out before you did?"

"Don't ask me. Perhaps you had a magician."

"You killed all but one of our magicians, and he wasn't captured with the rest."

"Then this should be a mystery for the ages, shouldn't it?" he said, shrugging. "I'm not making this up. I don't know how any of you got out, otherwise I would have prevented it. I can only tell you my side of the story. What happened on yours ... for that, I'm afraid you will have to fill in the blanks yourself."

"If I could do that, I wouldn't have asked you anything to begin with!" she said. Then she threw a limpet at him. Somehow he had managed to set off one of her moods again. "You know what? Forget about it. It should all come back to me once I'm out of here and my brain stops trying to commit suicide every five seconds."

"I'm still not lying to you. It's a strange story, and if it breaks your suspension of disbelief, that's your problem, not mine. It will still be the truth. May I go on?" There were no more thrown objects, snarls of heads being shaken, and if she wasn't about to be vocal against the notion, he'd take it as tacit agreement. "Once we outran you—"

"You outran two hundred people on foot, after claiming you couldn't drag your ass down to capture me because your boo-boo was too serious?"

"Once we outran most of you and killed whoever managed to catch up, we called every man that had been outside the Mayfly at the time and set about to subdue you. You took out the gate as soon as you — no, don't ask me how. You may have set it on fire too for all I know. After that, I figured you'd go after the spell network. We set up guards around it, and it turned out I was right. Your people showed up, you got past security before anyone else did and headed for the roof. I followed you, but I wasn't in too great a shape, so you managed to subdue me and—"

"But even so, you managed to outrun two hundred people."

He took a deep, defeated breath.

"Nick carried me most of the way, which is why I didn't kill him after I learned what had transpired between you two. Now shut up about that, and stop smiling like you just scored a point." She didn't, but he hadn't expected she would. "Then you threw explosives on the spell network until it went down, which was an insane idea and shouldn't have worked in any world, but somehow did here. You also set the rest of the building on fire in the process, because apparently that is a thing with you. After that ... I can't say I know what happened, but you fell unconscious. Into the flames. I got you out, took you away—"

"And how many people did you outrun while gently cradling my dead weight?"

"—and joined up with everyone else who had made it out. By then we'd given up on the town, and decided it would be best to move here for the remainder of our stay on Earth. That's it, really."

"I don't believe two-thirds of it."

"Again, not my problem. Just keep in mind that if I wanted to lie to you, I'd invent something more plausible." She snorted. Bewilderingly enough, it wasn't an angry snort, but more of an 'I have to concede that you may have a point' kind of snort. Unfortunately she started eating again right after, which he had already figured to be code for wanting to ignore him. "Do you honestly not remember—"

"No."

"Any idea how that happened?"

She dropped the fork and stared ahead thoughtfully.

"If I were to make an educated guess, I'd say the drugs you've been pumping me full of for the past few weeks scrambled my memory. It's really just a guess, though." Her accusatory tone told him it was anything but, and he almost felt offended. Memory loss, temporary or otherwise, wasn't a side-effect of anything he had used on her. He had checked that.

"Or it could be the result of all the times you've bashed your head on the floor lately. Or ..." A more likely explanation hit him, crisp-white and crackling like a ray of lightning. "Or perhaps it has something to do with the fact that a spell whose main function was to make people forget blew up inches away from your face."

"Or that." It seemed to be the end of the discussion as far as she was concerned. She speared some unidentified bits of seafood, her expression showing that much was happening inside her head but none of it was something she intended to share.

Jack sighed. He'd thought he'd made a breakthrough, small as it might be. Since she was switching back to contemptuous silence and glaring like he was something foul and squishy that she'd accidentally stepped into, that was clearly not the case. He wished he knew what he had done or said wrong this time around.

"Do you think," he asked, mindful of the fact that he was walking a minefield that was more mines than field, "that if I'd done things in a different order, started with this, you would have minded less about—"

The fork hit the table with a clatter, and so did the assorted pieces of cutlery she picked up and threw down after that.

"No, it wouldn't have made a difference if you had raped me after dinner," she said. The tremble in her voice could be confused with insecurity or even fear, but was nothing of the sort. It had more in common with the small quakes that preceded a major volcanic eruption. Just when he was done preparing for another blow up, she shook her head and took a deep breath. "You know what, forget it. I'll save the rant for a time when you are the one in chains. At least then I'll have the satisfaction of bashing your head in whenever you start being willfully obtuse."

"And if that time never comes?"

"It will."

He leaned forward. If there had ever been a better time for this one talk ...

"Imagine it doesn't, though. Imagine you don't escape me. Imagine I get my wish and make you mine. What will you do then?" He enunciated every word as if he would sink in quicksand if he said them too fast, and she appeared to give the question some serious thought. He'd counted on a quick, cutting 'I can't imagine something impossible', so an arched brow and lips pensively pursed gave him hope that whatever came out of her mouth next would give him something, anything to work with.

As so often happened lately, he found himself tragically wrong.

"I suppose that if that happens, and I'm still sound of mind and able to have some semblance of control over my actions, I'll just kill myself." She smiled, and smiled more when she saw his face, which had gone stiff as soon as he realized that nothing about her indicated she was joking or being overdramatic. "What, don't tell me that's surprising. If I'm yours, I'll be both useless and unhappy. I'll have no reason left to live, you see."

"And if I manage to make you happy?"

"If I let you do that, then I won't deserve to live." Her tone would make lemons drowned in acid feel alkaline.

"Being with me is a fate worse than death, then."

"Yes?" She blinked a few times in a row, as if it had just occurred to her that something like that didn't speak for itself. "I mean, let's be honest here. There is nothing you can give me that I both want and don't already have. Being with you won't add anything to my life, and will remove everything that gives it value. I can't find a single sane reason why I would choose it. Besides, you are just not my type."

"Right." A door swung open in the recesses of his mind, revealing a gallery of greyed, ghostly faces. She likely expected the revelation that she didn't go for men like him to be the proverbial nail in the coffin, but it was something he'd been aware of for decades. He would have to be a blind idiot to miss the fact that the men she'd fallen for, the men that she would have chosen if he hadn't intervened, all fit neatly in a spectrum that went from very redeemable to virtual saint. "Of course, how could I forget about your morality fetish? I'm an incorrigible fiend, and since evil is too entwined in my nature to be extracted, I am unworthy of your pure, wholesome goodness. It's refreshing how some things never change."

"Get out!" She wagged a finger at him, her face pinched and furious. "You don't get to play the victim here. You think I'm being unfairly judgmental because evil is a part of you that you can't help? Well, guess what, we are all born like that! Every Tsikalayan under the sun is a monster deep down. Goodness? That's a quality that you acquire by rising above your base nature, over and over again; by waking up every day and making yourself useful to the world. Good is something you choose to be against all odds, and to do that? That's admirable! That's strength! If wanting to date someone who understands that simple fact is having high standards, then yes, I fucking well have them. And you will always, always be too weak to measure up."

He thought that one over. It sounded nonsensical, but ... it was nonsense that she believed in.

It might have its uses.

"What if I were to become ... better? If I were to seek redemption, to put in the effort, would you have me then?"

"You'd do that? You'd mend your ways and wear a white hat, just for me?"

Jack hesitated. He would have hesitated more if he felt he had something to lose, if she hadn't spoken in the most annoyingly childish tone of voice, just to drive home that she found the notion ridiculous. His question had been a purely hypothetical one. He'd be good to her, not good for her, and one day she would make her peace with that. Still, there was no harm in showing willing, even if he didn't plan to follow through with it.

"I could try, if I had the right incentive."

"And I take it that this incentive would just so happen to be vagina-shaped?"

"No." He paused again, though that one through. "Well, unless you insist."

"Right." She nodded to herself, her expression unreadable. He'd have given much to know what sort of thoughts simmered underneath, but she didn't look like she was about to share. "Unfortunately, I have no inclination to make myself a prize for your good behavior. We tried that once already and it didn't work out that well, did it? And you weren't half as damned then."

"So you give up, just like that."

"Oh, I gave up years ago." She did a minimal shrug. "The whole 'Let me redeem this evil fiend over here with my pure, wholesome goodness' deal gets old fast, especially when the fiend in question seems to grow more and more evil every day. It stops being an indulgent fantasy and starts being a drag. And then people die."

As she finished talking and he started on a cutting reply, the color of the light in the room shifted from its initial orange to a pale, sickly yellow. She seemed to take no notice of it, focused as she was on having a glare match, but Jack glanced up and frowned at the chandelier.

Oddly enough, the bulbs still glowed orange; the glow simply didn't stretch to illuminate the rest of the division, and the yellow light ... the yellow light didn't have any source he could identify. He found himself staring at it more closely. It came in in waves and settled over the table, floor, and him. It prickled. It teemed with life. It couldn't be anything but magical.

A loud boom echoed in the distance.

"Fuck!" He jumped up, so fast his knee bumped against the table and sent a few glasses flying.

Valeriana shot him a look that was something between bemused and wary. It turned into astonishment when the glass on her left audibly cracked, spilling its contents over the tablecloth, where they promptly started eating through it and smoking. Jack broke the distance between them and shoved the table aside. All the glasses came apart in a rain of glass as it hit the wall, and the chandelier shattered against the floor not an instant later. He looked around. He deliberately avoided looking down, because that way lay shit-eating grins and more "I guess I'll make it out of here after all" than he had the patience to deal with.

He thought quickly. She was chained to the chair already, so he figured it would be less time-consuming to re-chain her arms instead of unchaining the rest of her and locking her up somewhere else. The door was sturdy enough to hold in the unlikely event she managed to extricate the chair from the floor and decide to use it and herself as a battering ram. She would have a hard time reaching the table or any of the scattered shards of glass, but just in case ...
He pocketed the forks and, after a short moment of thought, spoons, and kneeled at her side to fix the chains. She put up a fight, because of course she did, but it was as lackluster as it was short-lived. He ended up gagging her with a balled-up handkerchief and a strap of fabric he tore from his shirt, in case she were to scream for help when there was someone who would listen. Lastly, he snuffed out the candles. The yellow light had gone from the room, content to leave only mild destruction in its wake, and it would be harder for her to try anything when she couldn't make out her surroundings.

He kissed her on the forehead, murmured a promise to be back soon and left her rolling her eyes in the darkness. Checking the locks consumed another couple of seconds, but as soon as that was taken care of to his satisfaction, he ran as hard as he could towards the increasingly louder sounds of gunshots.

He met Axis, who was running at full speed in the opposite direction, on the ground floor.

"Front," the other man panted, pointing behind him. "The motherfuckers have us surrounded."

"How many are there?" he demanded. Axis raised a few fingers. One hundred at the least. Well, that was no good. They were painfully short-staffed, what with all the men who had died in Westmont and the building being too small to comfortably hold more than twenty people. The prospects for the oncoming fight were weighed against them; what was up with the chances of them escaping remained to be seen. "I'm joining the others. You go back, sedate her and put her in the car. We'll meet up at the usual spot."

"Sure thing."

-----------------------------------------------

It was a long fall.

Illogically enough, she seemed to slow down as she approached the road. Something slowed down, at any rate. Or perhaps it was her own perception that had been kicked into overdrive, allowing her to process what was happening frame after frozen frame and giving her an illusion of things happening in slow motion.

She felt everything in a well-ordered sequence. There was the buzzing of air as she cut through it, then a sharp cold and a sharper crack as she hit the ice on the surface of the snowbank and crushed it with her weight, then the dull sound of her back hitting pavement like a stone slab. A cry broke free from her mouth and died in a wheeze when her lungs were squeezed against her ribcage by the impact. She hit her head immediately after, hard, and her brain swam inside her skull.

She didn't notice when she lost consciousness. It couldn't have lasted more than a few seconds anyway. She was just suddenly awake again. She didn't bother trying to get up, since her body was unresponsive. Parts of her ached, and everything that didn't was shivering too bad to feel anything. When she found the strength to pry her eyelids open, she couldn't make out anything but flickering shapes and the occasional rain of black, star-shaped blotches.

"Val!" A gold and white blur invaded her field of vision. Her ears had popped on landing — she was sure they were bleeding, too — so it was hard for her to hear, but she could make out her name. She could also make out the overabundant swearing that followed, but all things considered, she had trouble bringing herself to care about that.

Jack bent over to pick her up. Judging by the positioning of the lighter shadows, his head floated somewhere above her. She protested noisily to let him know that she didn't approve of such a decision, and he let go, whispering something that sounded like an apology.

Valerie felt her mind start drifting again. It became hard to focus on what he was saying, but some more words got through.

"Are you all right?" His hands were probably only lukewarm, but they burned like a branding iron when he kneeled down and used them to wipe away the layer of snow that had settled on her forehead. She didn't protest that, even leaned into the touch. Warmth was good.

"Uh uhm ..."

"Did you break anything?"

"Everything," she breathed out, which was a bad idea, as it made her chest constrict painfully. He swore some more. "It's all right, had worse. Will heal in a moment."

She knew it wasn't clever to reveal that she was familiar with things worse than falling off a building and becoming a bag of bruises and crushed bits, but there was no way of unsaying it. It was her turn to swear softly. He'd been worried enough before. She almost felt glad that her vision remained too blurry to see how he looked right now.

She heard him puzzle aloud over what he should do. It took her a full minute of minimalistic headshakes and barking out wet, coaxing rattles that could marginally pass for words to convince him that no, really, he didn't have to do anything, all she wanted was to lay quietly in the snow until her back stopped feeling like a cracker that someone had stepped on. He relented grudgingly on the letting her be part, but insisted on covering her with his coat, and spent the next fifteen minutes alternating between standing guard and fussing over her. The fussing included a touch of the expected lecture — what did she mean, she'd had worse?! — and copious muttering of imprecations at himself, the street, the gods and the universe in general. She smiled in the direction where his head should be and ignored every word.

Sometime later the pain started to fade, leaving an almost comfortable drowsiness behind. After another while she felt well enough to stand up, but Jack wouldn't hear of it, and scooped her up into his arms when she tried anyway. Valerie heaved a sigh and settled against him, too weak to argue.

"I made a road in the hole," she mumbled against his neck. Maybe getting up hadn't been that great a plan after all. Things kept shifting inside her head, making its contents scrambled and confused. She felt like passing out again. "I mean, a hole in the road. 's shaped like me."

"Never mind that."

"But suppose somebody saw ..." She fell quiet. He tried his best not to jostle her too much, but they'd reached the four steps at the entrance of her building, and some nausea-inducing motion became unavoidable. She almost whimpered when she thought about the unending maze of stairs they'd have to get through to reach the upper floors. Those were unavoidable, too — there was an elevator, but it was permanently broken, and people and strays had the habit of using it as a urinal.

"We are never," Jack declared, when they were halfway between the fourth and fifth floor, "doing anything like this again. It was a terrible idea all around, and I'm sorry."

"Not on roofs," she agreed. She felt like the idea hadn't been terrible at all, actually. The setting had been the one less than ideal portion of it, and even that wouldn't have mattered if she hadn't been clumsy and inattentive at the worst possible moment.

They got to her floor and to her door. She didn't vomit on his shirt, which she considered to be her one victory of the day. She remembered that she'd left her keychain on the table near the window, so it was mildly surprising to see him produce a key of his own. It made some sort of sense. He had to have gotten in somehow the first time, and it hadn't been through a window, what with the earlier hubbub to find one that would open. She wondered where he'd gotten it from.

He laid her down on the couch. She'd grown so used to the shape of his arms that her body reacted aversely to the change of support, but she didn't allow a complaint to get past her lips. He propped her head up with some pillows, spread the blankets she'd gotten earlier over her and went off to hunt down some more. She heard him wander purposefully through the other rooms of the apartment, still muttering to himself.

Soon after, the unmistakable noise of many assorted objects of mysterious origins breaking free from their confinement reached her ears. Valerie sighed. Somehow, she didn't think she'd get him to clean up that mess on his own. 

He brought more blankets, and then some more blankets that she also didn't recall how she had come to own. They seemed enough to her — more than enough, even, since the weight of the pile on top of her was growing suffocating — but he glared like it came short of whatever expectations he'd had.

"Do you want anything else? Coffee? Water? Tea?"

"No, thank you." She didn't think she'd get anything down her throat without it coming up again right away. "Could you just ... be still, or grab a chair? All this pacing and walking around is making me feel dizzy." He stopped at once and sat on the arm of the couch, where he could hover over her properly. It was almost as distracting as the walking, but at least it had the fact that it was silent going for it. She wondered if he would let her get away with napping for a while, and found it unlikely.

"Do you have an alchemy set?" he asked.

Valerie shook her head.

"Don't need one. I'll be fine in another half hour or so. Please stop swearing!" she added, raising her voice one octave so that he'd know she meant business.

"I threw you off a roof," he said, in the exact same tone one would use to admit to running over a litter of kittens. Oh no. Was that the reason behind all the sour faces he was making? He thought she couldn't handle a fall? He thought she would blame him? "I'm surprised you are not the one who is swearing at me."

"I fell because I wasn't paying attention. It wasn't your fault at all."

"I had the brilliant idea of challenging you to a fight," he insisted. Now he looked almost like he was annoyed with her refusal to let him self-flagellate at will. "You wouldn't be lying here if I hadn't made the suggestion."

"But I was the one who asked you not to go easy on me." That he had done it even so was another issue altogether. "I think ... you will probably think I'm insane for saying this, but I think it was for the best that it happened like it did. You were right in what you said, about me having no idea what I was dealing with. Now I know that I'm not prepared for a fight where I'm not the strongest one."

He stared at her for a while, his expression unreadable. Finally he nodded.

"That's good. I wish I'd been able to convince you without harming you this much, but I suppose that if it'll keep you safe in the long run, it's a worthy tradeoff."

"Yes." She felt it would be useless to object to the harming part, since he would only tune her out and go on blaming himself even harder to make up for it. "It's helpful to have a cold shower of reality once in a while. Now I know that I need to try harder, train harder, if I want to be able to make a difference and defeat the really bad people."

"You ..." For a moment he seemed at loss for words. "You hit your head. You don't know what you are saying."

"I do feel a little loopy," she admitted. "I don't think I'm wrong about this, though. A true hero wouldn't give up when things get hard and riskier than usual, he'd take it as an incentive to do better. Someone who wants to be one should do the same."

"You are not a hero, or meant to be one!"

"So I guess you are about to tell me what I am supposed to be?"

"As a matter of fact, I am." Jack leaned forward and cupped her chin. Valerie made a face. It didn't seem like he had caught the reproachful edge of her question, and she had put it there on purpose and everything. "You are caring and sweet and beautiful. You are most assuredly not someone who should be getting into dangerous situations."

"Why not?" she demanded. "Why can't I be caring and sweet and beautiful, and fight for the things I believe in?"

He went silent. Hopefully because he was busy searching for a tactful answer, although she didn't quite believe there was one. It was just so unbelievably frustrating. She disliked that he worried about her to begin with — there were so many other things, so many other useful things he could spend time on — but it was even worse when it made him act like she was some old porcelain doll that couldn't even be breathed on, lest it fall apart.

Caring, sweet, beautiful. Not at all bad things to be, although the last item made her frown and suspect he had only added it so that she wouldn't feel bad. However, not one of those traits had a practical use. Battles weren't won, history wasn't made and worlds weren't changed by girls who were caring and sweet and beautiful. In fact, girls never seemed to have any influence on any of those subjects, but that was a gripe for another day. The bottom line was that if purely decorative traits were the only ones her best friend, of all people, could ascribe to her, she was doing something wrong.

Jack drummed his fingers on the arm of the couch and coughed to call her attention.

"Tell me," he said, "what made you decide that my lunatic aunt's policies are something that you deeply believe in?"

"Besides the fact that they are right?"

He bit his lower lip and briefly closed his eyes. She counted the lines that formed on his forehead while he breathed in and out. They were up to five when he spoke again.

"Yes, besides that."

It was her turn to bite her lip and think quietly. It was difficult to explain, despite being so simple. Perhaps it was difficult to explain exactly because it was so simple. Once she'd understood that there was no fairness, no honor and no good in taking away an innocent person's life and freedom, it seemed so obvious that talking about it with someone who didn't share the same opinion felt like trying to explain to a blind man what the sun looked like. Something needed to change in his perception of the world, else he'd never get it, and she wasn't sure how to trigger that.

The most frustrating part was that she knew he had the ability to care about people that were damaged or weak or different. Otherwise, he wouldn't care about her. If only she could stretch that ability beyond his comfort zone, beyond the limits of what everyone and everything in his life had told him was important and acceptable ... he wasn't cruel at heart. If he saw the light, he wouldn't close his eyes afterwards.

So she told him a story. She told him a story about a girl named Rachel, who didn't have family to worry about her and might as well be dead to the world already. Who wasn't important in any way, but still didn't deserve to have the Mayfly inflicted on her, because nobody did. Who was so afraid, but also so brave, and who had died because the world was an unfair place and his aunt was a monster. She told him all that, and she didn't cry although relieving everything made her want to.

Jack stayed blessedly silent until she was done talking. She wished she could tell if her words had an effect on him, but between him not talking and him questioning her at every turn, the former was preferable.

"I wish I could have saved her. I'm still mad at myself because I didn't," she whispered, and curled up into the mountain of blankets. The admission made her more vulnerable than she wanted, and she didn't want to face him until she was sure that he wouldn't say anything mean.

He didn't say anything at all. He reached for her slowly, as if unsure if she would allow it, and laid a hand on the side of her face. She went very still once he started running it up and down, to the base of her neck and back, in a gesture too intimate to be meant only to soothe. It was familiar, albeit distantly. He'd done it often enough when they were children, before others had found it necessary to set rules for how much they were allowed to touch each other and when. Still, she had trouble shutting up the voice in her head — a voice that sounded a lot like that of her eldest sister, Tessalia — that kept reminding her that friend or no friend, it was improper for a young lady to let a man take such liberties with any part of her body.

"I understand," he said, which was enough to topple her indecision about what he was doing with his hand into the realm of just fine and not worth mentioning. "Aunt Marabeth had no right to cajole you into working for her or exposing you to the things you describe, and I'll be sure to mention it to her whenever I see her again. She probably didn't mean to upset you, though. She's so used to being surrounded with people who work in the trade that she's inured to the most unsavory aspects of it. She probably didn't even stop to consider that they would upset someone so ... soft."

"Soft?" She wished she could shake some sense in him, but suspected that the effect would be miniscule. When it came to Marabeth, Jack was like an old lady with a cat, who kept insisting it was such a sweetheart when in reality, said cat was a raping, murdering fiend of the abyss that enjoyed playing games with the tiny mice. "Well, if being soft is what allows me to respond when someone is suffering, I'll gladly—"

"Look at it like this," he interrupted. "I'm fond of dogs. They are loyal, they are obedient, and it's a shame when they have owners that beat them for any little thing. However, society tells us that sort of behavior is not only allowed but acceptable, to a degree. On some worlds, dogs or dog-like beings are even an important part of local cuisine. Do I think it's deplorable? Yes, but you won't see me going after breeders or invading my neighbor's home to cut off a leash. At most, I'll donate to a kennel once in a while. It's the same way with slaves of sapient species. If you feel sad about them, do your best not to mistreat yours and throw a penny at the abolitionists whenever they come into town to peddle their views. That's what sensible people do when the way things are organized feels unfair. They make small contributions and move on with life."

"I'm sure it's all very well to make those sort of gestures. Still, if there isn't anyone to make the big ones, all the small ones won't change anything in the end, will they?"

"Sure. That's the point, too. They aren't made to change the world, they are made to ease your conscience. What one person does, big or small, won't make a difference anyhow, so it's saner to choose the path that won't get you arrested or killed."

"That doesn't sound sane," she shot back. "It sounds like something a coward would say. If you go through life believing that nothing you do matters, why be alive at all?"

He pressed a hand against his forehead.

"This is getting a touch too philosophical for my tastes. What matters is, your story was nice and I can see why you feel the way you do, but you shouldn't let those feelings guide you towards anything too extreme. Especially when you are nowhere near strong enough to bear the consequences."

"Yet," she added stubbornly. If the gods were trying to test her resolve, they were doing it well. She'd show him, though. Perhaps not tomorrow, or next week, or next month, or even in the next few decades. In fact, it was entirely possible that it would take her a thousand years of training half a day every day to shatter his mental image of her as a small thing that required protection, but it didn't matter. She'd get there. Mrs. Drakma was always telling her that hard work paid off in the end, and Jack's paranoid warning aside, the woman hadn't lied to her yet. "And like I said, I have backup. I always go on missions as part of a team, and we all look out for each other."

"Teams that are all-human more often than not, right?"

"Yes. Well, except for me, of course."

"Then you'll have to pardon me for doubting that they can offer you protection of any sort."

Valerie frowned at him, but felt she could forgive him this one. He'd never seen any of them in action. Mrs. Drakma wasn't careless with her people. She didn't send anyone to do anything dangerous unless she was confident that they could handle themselves — or in her case, run around and knock down enough enemies to make it worthwhile to include her. And handle themselves they did. Even the ones that weren't magicians did better than she did, for no other reason than that they'd been doing it longer.
"Perhaps you should come along sometime. Then you'd see for yourself just how wrong you are." She realized, as she finished speaking, that she'd unwittingly stumbled on the perfect solution for her dilemma. Words and stories wouldn't convince him, even if they were heartfelt. However, if he were to experience for himself how important it was to give freedom back to those who had lost it, to feel the rush of doing something good and meaningful, to know for the first time what it was like to matter ... "You know, you really should come along. Even if it's just once."

"And why would I do that?"

Why indeed. "Because you should" didn't sound convincing enough. "Because trying to broaden your horizons is the right thing to do" would likewise fall flat, as he had neither the interest in broadening anything or a sufficiently fine-tuned capacity of telling right from wrong. In fact, there was only one thing she could think of that would guarantee her a positive answer, and she hesitated to use it because it was flat out manipulative. Still, if nothing else stood a chance of working ...

"Because I am not going to quit the Front, ever." Waving her hand to shush him was almost too agonizing to be worth the effort, but she didn't let it show. Now was not the time to show weakness. "Therefore, I need to prove it to you that my life is not at risk because of it."

"We already proved that your life is, in fact, at risk!"

"All the more reason why you should come along," she said, enormously pleased that he was falling so easily into her trap. "I mean, if you are right and the people who are supposed to protect me are that useless, I can get killed or worse if I go on a mission without someone strong enough at my side."

She put extra emphasis on the last part, thinking that a bit of flattery couldn't hurt. It was surprising how much it did work though. Jack puffed out his chest — the most wonderful part was that she didn't think it was a conscious thing — and resumed petting her head with a look that was too condescending for words. She figured it was best not to laugh. Not only would he be offended, it would also strain her already sore ribs.

"Lady Valeriana Lazur," he intoned, giving her a stern tap on the nose with his index finger, "I have this feeling that you are trying to use the same helplessness you deny to possess to lure me into joining your cult."

"Oh, gods be good. For the last time, it's not a cult!"

"But you are trying to lure me into it."

"Well, yes. Only because it's the right thing to do though." She peered up at him to check if she'd made him angry. Thankfully it didn't seem to be the case, although there was some exasperation he was doing a bad job of hiding. "Is it ... is it working?"

He got up. She was suddenly and unpleasantly reminded of the ball that had started it all, and how she had gotten him riled up enough to walk out on her right before things had gone pear-shaped. This time around, he didn't walk out, and didn't even walk very far. He moved to the other end of the couch, shooed her feet aside, then lifted them and laid them down on his lap when shooing didn't provide him with enough space to sit. From there he watched her, and from her end, she fretted. He had the look of someone who'd made up his mind already, so he could only be drawing out the answer in order to torture her. Jerk.

"I want to make it clear," he said, "that I am not and will not be involved in anything aunt Briseis thinks up, unless it presents danger to you and only you. She and her pet humans can sort themselves out on their own. I don't want you to grow expectations of improving my moral fiber either. I especially don't want you to be deluded into thinking that I will spare efforts to extract you from this mess you fell into."

Valerie sat bolt upright and let out a high-pitched squeal, both out of excitement and because she hurt her back in the process.

"Is that a yes? It sounds like a yes!"

"It's a yes to the part where I—" She didn't wait to hear the rest, discarded the blankets and dove towards him. Which was a terrible idea, because her back gave up midway and sent her tumbling against the arm of the couch, missing her target by several inches. She turned to the side and pulled him into a hug that although lacking in aggressive tackling, held more than enough enthusiasm to make up for it. He cuffed her round the head, drawing a startled but unscathed protest, and succeeded in getting the rest of the sentence out. "—go with you on missions and prevent you from getting yourself killed. And for the record, using the fact that I don't want you to die to strong-arm me into doing your bidding is not something I would have expected from you."

"We'll make such a great team!" she gushed. Her arms had moved up in an excited flail, meaning that they were starting to strangle him more than they were hugging him, but he still managed to get out an outraged 'We most definitely will not!', which she felt free to ignore too. "And you'll see, once I get you to stop being so I'm-above-everyone-else, we—"

"I just finished telling you that I'm doing this for you, not for your philosophies."

"You say that now, but I'm willing to bet that you'll be good at being good once you try it!"

"No."

"I bet you will enjoy it, too."

" ... "

She ruffled his hair and smiled, secure in the knowledge that things could only get better.

-----------------------------------------------

If there was a way things could get even a bit more awful, Valerie didn't want to try imagining it.

She had initiated her latest escape attempt with all the optimism that the knowledge that Jack and Co. were under attack afforded her. There was only the slightest doubt in her mind that the attackers were the Front come to rescue her, and she expected they had planned said rescue thoroughly enough to ensure it would be a success. The gods knew they'd had time for that and then some.

However, she hadn't wanted to sit still and wait for them to come and get her.

First she had swung herself back and forth on her chair, expending as little energy as possible. If it was stuck to the floor with glue, she expected that the perpetual motion would wear it down. After a while, it did. Unfortunately, it happened just as she was swinging herself back. She ended up on the ground, still chained to the chair, flapping her arms and legs like an upturned turtle. Once the shock wore off, she tried to wiggle herself out of the chains. Since it didn't look like that would work, she balanced herself so that she fell on her side, and nearly cracked her spine in two as she tried to repeat the movement and fall on her knees. The result was that her body got bent in the approximate shape of a squiggly Tetris block.

Darkness surrounded her from all sides, thick and sticky like coal tar. The only light that broke it came through the narrow gap under the door, and the gleaming line only managed to crawl a few paces before it died, illuminating almost nothing. There was bound to be glass everywhere she could crawl on, but she'd be damned if she would let that stop her. She started shuffling in the direction of the door, one half-inch at the time, feeling only slightly demoralized by the fact that at her current speed, she'd maybe make it there by nightfall. The door worried her more. She'd heard Jack lock it, and held no illusions about her ability to get up and pick the lock while chained to the chair.

While pondering her options, she lost what was left of her strength and careened forward, landing nose-first on a vast expanse of shards.

She wouldn't cry. She wouldn't cry. She'd done enough of that for a day, and it wasn't as if it would help.

She was still lying on the floor and trying to pep-talk herself into shaking off the glass and moving some more inches, when she heard the footsteps. They didn't belong to Jack. They were quicker and sounded heavier; the steps of someone with short legs and not much in the way of physical condition who was trying to run very fast. The fact that he or she wasn't reaching an impressive speed told her that they weren't Tsikalayan either.

They passed near the door. They didn't stop, didn't even slow down. Realizing that right there was an opportunity, and that she was about to let it slip through her fingers, Valerie started rubbing the side of her face over the glass-matted surface. It didn't matter that she nearly scraped her cheek to the bone. All that she needed in the world was to cut the fabric that kept the gag in place. Once she managed, she spat the handkerchief out, gargled to get some spit into her dry mouth, and started screaming as loud as she could.

The steps halted.

"IN HERE!" she added, and that was it. The person outside turned around, came back and started fiddling with the lock. It didn't take them more than five seconds to make it click and cease to be an obstacle.

Valerie lifted her head, realized that the sight of her injured face was likely to give her unknown savior the fright of his life, and lowered it again just in time to avoid being blinded by the light that rolled in.

The man in the doorway looked both sides before entering and approaching her. He made a nervous, clicking noise with his tongue, and released a put-upon sigh that betrayed his identity before she dared to look at his face. His familiar face. Or rather, the familiar set of dense facial hair and square tortoiseshell glasses. Logic dictated that there should also be a face living somewhere underneath them, but if so, the face in question didn't have much room to breathe.

If she'd been told a few years back that the day would come when the sight of Alfred Barrington would make her weep with joy, Valerie wouldn't call that person crazy. She'd simply side-eye them and wonder what sort of end-of-the-world scenario would cause something that unlikely to happen. The reason it was unlikely was that the man, to put it in the nicest terms possible—

"Oh, it's you. Of course it had to be you. I just can't get away with being a good Samaritan, can I?" —in the absolute nicest terms possible, Barrington was a grumpy asshole with the same capacity for empathy that the gods had given a charging grizzly bear. There was no asking if she was all right, although in his defense, that would have been a stupid question. There was no sign that he considered finding her a blessing, or even a lucky happenstance. The way he was scowling at her, it was almost like she was some acquaintance he'd run into at a party and felt ill-disposed to entertain. "Well, let's get a move on then."

"I'm tied to a chair!" she sputtered. Between him and Jack, she was starting to wonder if the chains were visible only to her.

"So break it." He glanced down, spotted the dampeners and pinched the bridge of his nose. "You still have those on. Why?"

"Because the only one able to remove them is the person who put them on!" It probably didn't speak well of her mental state that it took her more than a moment to realize that she was explaining a function of the devices to the very person who had invented them. She shut up, pink with embarrassment.

"You are a remarkably stupid girl," Barrington said. Before she gathered the required amount of outrage to respond, he crouched and took hold of her arm. He drew a spiral on the back of her hand, and barked out a triumphant 'Aha!' when the silver retreated and turned back into a ring, which snapped open with a sound like bones breaking.

Valerie stared, torn between relief and puzzlement. Of course, it made sense that they'd open for him. She was clueless about how dampeners were made, and right now didn't seem like the time to ask, but it should have been easy for Barrington to create a backdoor that only he could access. The gods knew the man had enough enemies to warrant a measure like that, in case he ever ended up caught in one of his own inventions.

"Thanks," she breathed, as dampener after dampener fell away and strength started flooding back into her limbs. He nodded and tapped the last one, the one around her neck, with a meaty finger. She froze. "Wait, there's supposed to be a thing, a laser or something, under that one. It'll cut off my neck if you remove it!"

"Don't be absurd," Barrington scoffed, ignoring her frantic headshakes and raising his hand to draw the opening symbol. Valerie didn't quite see her whole life pass in front of her eyes in the moment it took for the dampener to jump open, but only because there was too much of it to fit in there.

The silver band fell to the floor. Her head stayed firmly attached to her neck. She let out a shaky breath.

"He lied." Of course he had. She felt like laughing, and since there was no one stopping her, that was exactly what she did. It sounded more like a sad wail, though, so she quit it almost immediately and switched her attention to her hands. They looked normal. After so long stuck under the oppressive weight of the dampeners, she would have expected them to be frail and wrinkly, like she'd spent too long in a hot bath.

They were also functional again, as she tested by jerking them up and taking half the chains with them. Nothing like the delicate things from before, which were only good for picking up light objects and maybe scratch. She ran them over her face, neck, hair, until they found the back of the chair, which she pushed up. It broke away from the seat and the legs, which were next on the list. After demolishing it as thoroughly and spitefully as she could, she snapped what was left from the chains, shook off the glass clinging to her dress and got up.

What she tasted wasn't freedom, not yet, but it was the closest thing she'd had in a while, and she was determined to treasure it.

"Good, good," Barrington was saying, in a voice so thick with superiority that even Jack would feel hard pressed to match it. "Now, since we are done here ..."

"One second." She grabbed the longer end of a chain, tore it off the remains of the chair and rolled it up around her wrist. Not an ideal weapon, but it would have to do. Barrington didn't look like he was carrying anything more deathly than a disposable inhaler, so anything she could harvest from the room would help her more than the nothing they had. She stared at the dampeners. Much as she abhorred to have them anywhere near her again, they were the most useful implement at hand. "These. Do they still work, after whatever you did to them?"

"They never worked properly to begin with. They are in testing mode. Set to default, if you will. I'd need to do major adjustments to the matrix to get them to recognize a set of prints, associate them to a certain mind frequency, and lock accordingly."

"Right." She felt a headache coming up. "Mind explaining that again in English?"

Barrington gave her the sort of look typical of clever people who frequently despaired at the stupidity of the world at large, muttered a wretched "Pearls to the swine!" — a surefire way of telling he had spent too long as Jack's prisoner — and cleared his throat.

"These are faulty. By design, mind you," he added, as if the possibility of her inferring otherwise were a grave personal offense. "They open for anyone. All of their more interesting functions can be used and manipulated by anyone. That is, including the person wearing them. The fact that you didn't realize it before now defies belief. Didn't it occur to you to draw the opening symbol on them at least once?"

Valerie stared at the pile of circlets and felt a poisonous, creeping cold come over her.

"What," she said, not too loudly, because otherwise she wouldn't trust herself to speak without letting it progress to screaming, "are you saying?"

"I'm afraid that I can't dumb it down any more than that, Miss."

"I could have opened them myself anytime?" She should feel glad for it. Instead, it horrified her. It didn't make sense to think so, because she hadn't known, couldn't have known, but her sudden awareness that she could easily have put a stop to anything Jack had done to her was overpowering. Worse, it felt like it diminished what she'd gone through. She could have fought him, maybe not on equal ground but close, even after waking with her eyes on fire. She could have slammed his head into the tiles of the bathroom and ripped him apart limb for limb before he laid a hand on her. She could have prevented all the hurt that now threatened to burst out in an ugly, tearful wave. "I could ... I ..."

"I did make it glaringly obvious that they were malfunctioning. Anyone with half a brain would have figured it out," Barrington supplied, sounding so far from apologetic that his tone would have grated even if she hadn't been on the verge of an anger-fueled breakdown. "Frequent fluctuations in the allowed energy levels, diminution of repression over time ... not to mention what that cretin with the overly-long name did to them. Did it honestly not occur to you that something had to be wrong, for a common mook to be able to operate them and turn on the healing blockers without permission?"

"I ... what?"

"Ah, so you are ignorant about that too. Wonderful, just wonderful." Barrington shook his head and, ignoring her lost expression, bent over to snatch up the dampeners. "We can take them. They should still serve for containment purposes, provided that we don't put them on anyone with an IQ over fifty."

Valerie didn't react to the jab. She did feel stupid. Stupid because a big part of what Barrington said was taking its sweet time to settle in, and stupid because the bits that she understood were so obvious in hindsight. She tried to cheer herself up with the thought that she shouldn't have been expected to realize anything, that she'd had bigger things eating her up, but it felt like an empty excuse.

"Which way is the exit?"

"One floor up. They'll be blocking it," Barrington added, enunciating every word like he was telling them to a small and reasonably dim child.

Valerie nodded. She didn't mind that. So far she had been tied up, drugged too many times to count, nearly killed, raped, and to add insult to injury, forced to spend time socially with her boundary-disregarding captor. All things that would ordinarily leave her pissed-off, and knowing how simple it would have been to evade most of them made her even more pissed. Fighting, taking her pain and giving a small part of it back to the people who had caused it, would only improve her mood.

However, she had Barrington to worry about. The grumpy inventor was an asset in that he clearly knew his way around the building better than she did, and the five pound brain he was so very proud of wouldn't let him do anything stupid that put them at risk, but he would be a liability in every other way. Getting herself involved in a fight while he trailed after her was a good way of getting the man killed. Before she did anything else, she needed to get him out and placed somewhere safe, preferably away from her. Jack would put a lot more effort into recapturing her than him, and that was if he even knew of his escape. Sticking together would do Barrington more harm than good.

"Where are we?" she asked.

"I said the exit was one floor up."

"I mean, where is this place? City? Underground lair? Middle of Fuckwaffle, Nowhere?"

"Montreal, I believe. Why does that matter?"

"Montreal is big. Which bit of it?"

The answer she got made her go purple.

From the moment she'd heard the shots she'd been trying to kid herself into thinking that surely, surely Jack wouldn't be enough of a dumbass to keep her prisoner somewhere where humans lived, knowing full well that the Front would go after him. Perhaps he didn't need to be dumb, though. Just callous enough to pay no mind if many people died as a result of his carelessness, which come to think about it, did sound just like him.
Or maybe he had banked on her people hesitating to launch an attack when there was a risk of civilians being harmed. If so, he had severely underestimated how much they hated him after the Westmont incident.

They got out of the brown corridor with the paintings, conversing in a rush. She learned that Barrington hadn't been originally captured by Marabeth. The Mayfly had just been his second-to-last stop after half a year of being passed around among every slaver who looked to explore his genius. Despite how awful that sounded, he didn't seem too bothered by it. He reported his misadventures in the same dry tone one would use to comment on the weather, and if his attitude hid a deeper trauma, it was doing it well. Even his report of how he'd spent entire days chained to a gurney was delivered in a monotone.

Valerie wished she could look as unflappable. Failing that, she wished she would stop shaking.

Halfway through the second corridor, which Barrington said led to the stairs, they ran into Axis. The man halted as soon as he saw them, looked at Barrington, looked at her, looked at her hands and then, to Valerie's dismay, looked depressed and pointedly didn't raise the gun he was holding.

Meanwhile, Barrington had gone for the only sensible option available to him and ducked behind her to use her as a shield. Much less sensibly, he started yelling at her to kill the fucker immediately after. She felt tempted to clout him and tell him that good things shouldn't be rushed, but reasoned that he could very well have a reason to be so adamant about wanting Axis dead. Even if they hadn't raped him and, by the looks of it, kept him well fed, he'd spent enough time under Jack and Marabeth's questionable care to accumulate a world of grudges against his jailers.

"Hi Axis!" she said, smiling. It was her first smile in a while that felt truly joyous. "How nice to—"

"No, you stop right there!" he exclaimed, raising a hand. Not the one with the gun, though. Valerie arched an eyebrow. Behind her, Barrington hissed like an asthmatic snake. Axis shook his head at both of them and then, like he'd just received a call from above, decided to unload whatever he had locked up in his chest in one spitting, snarling rant. "You know what, fuck it. Half of my friends are dead because of you fuckers, and your boyfriend doesn't pay me nearly enough to put up with this shit! Go find someone else to be kill-happy at. I'm out!"

To her complete astonishment, he meant it, too. He threw his weapon on the ground, turned and ran for it, disappearing through the nearest room at such a speed that Valerie half-expected to see a cartoonish puff of smoke trail behind him. She shrugged and, after a moment of mistrustful uncertainty, picked up the gun. It was one of those new, assured-to-be-dead-in-one-shot ones. She turned to Barrington.

"I'm guessing this is also your work?" It would be unfair to sound judgmental, given that he'd been working for the enemy under duress, but she couldn't help but sound annoyed. "Are there any other inconvenient gadgets I should worry about encountering, or is this all?"

"Mr. Aramis asked me for a set of remotely activated explosives only last week," Barrington said. Valerie covered her face with her hand. Great, just great. "I don't think we need to worry about stumbling on them in here, though."

"Did he say what he wanted them— never mind!"

She whipped her head around and stepped to the side. A dozen silver bullets sailed past her, humming like angry wasps. She pushed Barrington back against the wall, then pulled him to her in the time it took for the shooter to reload.

They crashed through the same door Axis had gone through, though the latter was nowhere to be seen. Slamming it closed would be redundant, as by now it was less a door and more of a jagged frame that just so happened to have a solitary doorknob attached. Valerie grabbed the nearest sizable piece of furniture — an antique wooden desk — and shoved it against it. It wouldn't hold if someone came at it and tried to push it out of the way. However, placed the way it was, the desk had the perfect height and shape to dispel the majority of the bullets and offer her cover to shoot back.

She didn't do it, though, not just yet. Barrington's magical weapons were fancy, but they didn't have infinite ammo. Shooting at a target she couldn't even see would be a waste of energy.

"There's another door!" Barrington warned.

She nodded.

"Find something to block it with." Once again, it wouldn't hold off anyone that tried to come in, but it would make it more difficult and give her enough time to react. "Are you all right?"

"No." The man drew himself to his full height, which would look more impressive if he weren't tragically vertically challenged to begin with. He made up for it by adjusting his cuffs and pressing his glasses all the way up his nose with emperor-like bearing. "I am not, as a matter of fact, all right. I should have minded my own business and left you where you were, and I'd have been out of here sooner. Now that would have made me be, as you say, all right!"

"I'm very sorry you feel that way," she replied. She had enough good-will towards Barrington on account of him having, despite his attitude about it, actually rescued her. It was about the only thing that kept her from giving in to the urge to set the gun to stun and zap him in the ass.

"I expect you'll tell your people about how I saved you," he continued, dismissing her passive-aggressive reply. "The last thing I'd need after all this is to be accused of being a collaborator."

"Eh?" Valerie stopped squinting over the desk and flashed him a puzzled glance. "Why on earth would anyone jump to that conclusion? You're not aligned with the Front, you never made any sort of oath of self-sacrifice for the cause, and you were a prisoner. Nobody is going to fault you for giving in and inventing them stuff when your neck was on the line." Well, at least not actively and out loud.

Barrington mumbled something about people always thinking the worst of everyone, which she would usually have shrugged off, but ... somehow, it pinged her suspicious behavior detector in all the wrong ways. She didn't know why, not immediately at least. There was nothing inherently dodgy in the remark, or the way he'd delivered it. He sounded more spiteful than she found necessary, but that was just Barrington. Pigs would rise up and run for president before he'd have a kind word for anyone.

Yet she found herself staring at him, willing herself to grasp whatever her subconscious had sensed already. It took him adjusting his cuffs again, with all the theatrical flair he could muster, for her to see.

Keeping him fed wasn't the only thing they'd been doing for him.

"That's a really nice coat, Mr. Barrington."

"Why, of course it is," he replied distractedly. A moment later he became aware that he was still the center of her attention, coughed to clear his throat and added: "It's cashmere."

"Yeah. Like I said, very nice. Those pants aren't bad either. Quality. Well-fitted. Spotless, too." She looked down at herself, smiling wistfully at the old, too tight dress. "They took better care of your wardrobe than mine. I mean, that bastard is supposed to be in love with me, and he didn't even get me shoes. Shameful, wouldn't you agree?"

The silence that followed had the frailty of ice on the first day of winter. Barrington shook, his eyes almost but not quite bugging out behind his glasses. She waited. If she didn't need both her hands on the gun and her finger on the trigger, she would have crossed her arms.

"Ah ... yes," he ventured. "A shame, yes."

"You have a bit of sweat," she remarked, making a wiping motion over her forehead. "On your brow. Right there."

"Yes. It's rather damp in here, don't you think?"

"I think," she said, stressing every word, "that I would need to be more than remarkably stupid to let you get away with an excuse that's that uninspired. You were never their prisoner, were you? They hired you!"

Barrington opened his mouth, maybe to object, most assuredly to get on her nerves. She slapped it closed. Despite that, she didn't feel as angry as she should. Somehow the discovery didn't seem to be worth the effort of working herself up. Barrington was neither a friend nor an ally, so his lie didn't hurt her. It was messed up as all hell that he was willing to work with people like Jack and Marabeth, but that was up to him. Just as it was up to her to treat him the same way humans who decided to become traitors to their own species were usually treated.

She lifted him up by the collar of his very nice coat and shook him.

"So, what was the plan here? Gain my trust to lure me back to that fucker?"

"No! No!"

His emphatic head-shakes failed to convince her entirely, but reason did once it sank in. If he were still on Jack's team, he wouldn't have released her. It was far more likely that with the Front coming to attack them en masse, Barrington had seen the way the wind was blowing and decided to jump ship. Rats were always the first to do so, after all. To him, she must have seemed like a shiny ticket for plausible deniability. Nobody would think twice about his motivations for being there if he were to appear with her, a credible witness of his supposed prisoner status. Hell, they might even offer him backpats and beer for his role in her rescue.

Valerie put him down. It wasn't up to her to kill him. Barrington was a treacherous slimeball, but he was a human treacherous slimeball, and there were rules about that sort of thing. He was also no immediate threat, since he couldn't return to Jack for protection without risking being laughed at or killed. In theory it should be safe to let him wander around the room, but after this latest revelation, she was feeling too paranoid not to take at least some preventive measures.

Once she had, she crouched down and crawled behind the desk. The shooter had made the same decision she had and resolved not to waste ammo until he had a target he could see, but as soon as she lifted her head one inch above the desktop, a bullet went and nailed itself into one of the drawers.

Well, fuck it.

She got up and was instantly hit on the shoulder. Shrugging it off, she jumped over the desk and ran, and felt some bafflement at the fact that no volley of bullets followed. Her astonishment was short-lived, and expired with a gasp the moment the shooter abandoned his spot around the corner and came into view. She felt like weeping all over again, this time with better reason.

Instead, she didn't break her sprint and allowed herself to collide with him with open arms.

"Erm. Redmont?" Blakely said, sounding both strangled and stunned by the completely uncharacteristic display of affection. With some effort, he extracted an arm from her death-grip and patted her shoulder — the one the bullet had gone through. He winced, wiped his hand clean on his pants, and patted her waist instead. "It's not that it isn't nice to see you, but are you feeling okay? You're not usually this, ah, hug-inclined."

"Shut up." She took a deep breath, let go of her still stunned colleague and composed herself to the best of her ability. "What's happening up there? Are we winning?"

"Last time I checked, yeah, yeah we were. We have the whole block surrounded and—" Blakely stopped talking and cocked his head, his eyes traveling over her shoulder and growing exponentially as they took in the scene inside the room she'd just left. "Is that Barrington? Why's he hanging on a coatrack?"

"Long story, no time. Did you catch ... you know?"

"Not yet. They're stuck on the first floor with no way out, though. It's only a matter of time." He noticed her ever-increasing shaking and furrowed his brow. He knew, she realized. Maybe it had been the dress, maybe it had been something on her face, maybe it had been the shaking and nothing else, but he'd drawn a conclusion and hit the bullseye. Valerie predicted, with despairing certainty, that his face was about to slip from a stern I-am-reporting-to-a-fellow-soldier expression to the bland, non-threatening compassion that they'd all learned to reach for when some poor unstable victim started crying all over them. "Redmont, did they ... did he?"

She was wrong. Instead of bland compassion, she got painful awkwardness. It wasn't clear yet if that was an improvement.

"Long story. No time." And if it was up to her, there would never be time. "How many of us are here, anyway?"

"Everyone from the local sections except the one in Maine — they couldn't spare the men, apparently there's some Walking Dead kind of shit going on over there. Plus some of us from Westmont and some from Albany, and the Lithuanians really, really like you, because half of them hauled ass all the way here too. All in all, about a hundred fifty, I think."

"And they are all attacking at the same time?!"

"Yeah. We didn't want to take any chances."

"Barrington told me that this is a residential area!"

"This house is isolated from the rest. Unless some idiot comes to gawk, there's little chance of civilians getting caught in the crossfire."

"And how about them hearing—"

"There's no need to be discreet anymore. Everyone in Westmont knows what happened. The town is crawling with shady secret-agent types who won't tell who they are affiliated with, and they are trying to keep it from coming out, but it will. They didn't get half of the people back, you know? And half of those are kids. Almost all of them were shipped off through the gate right after the takeover, because they are easy to break in. The cat is not just out of the bag, Redmont, it's running down the street and headed straight to the fish market."

Valerie didn't think of the children. She would later, once it wasn't a costly distraction. She nodded her head and pressed ahead.

"Did Mrs. Drakma approve this plan?" It sounded hard to believe. It was ... careless. Messy. True, it also ensured a clean-cut victory, which was why she couldn't complain too much, but there was something about involving theoretically innocent citizens, however indirectly, that didn't sit well with her. "Where is she, anyway?"

"You don't know? She was captured, same as you. Old Charlie is the one who organized the attack."

"I ..." Valerie lifted a hand to her forehead and massaged it. When that didn't stop the throbbing inside, she punched it, replacing the pain with one that was sharper but less annoying. "I see."

She turned, walked back to Barrington, effortlessly lifted him from the coatrack and placed him on the ground. Then, feeling no guilt whatsoever, she whacked him with the butt of the gun.

"Erm?" Blakely said, looking from her to the man, who staggered back on his feet with an expression of abject terror. He raised a placating hand. "Easy, Redmont. I know you are upset, but going around hitting—"

"Oh, I'm going to be doing a lot more than hitting if some people don't start being more forthcoming with information," she said darkly. She grabbed Barrington by his feet and lifted her arm above her head, leaving him dangling down while screaming his head off. "Where is she?"

"One floor down! One floor down! They put her in a cage!"

"Much obliged." She dropped him. Blakely was still staring, slack-jawed. She pointed at the trembling mess of a man in front of her. "He was working for them. I'm sure he'll give you a host of great excuses once he regains his bearings, but for now, I'd take him somewhere quiet and press him for all he knows. Did they capture anyone else that you know of?"

"Just the two of you. Everyone else who's missing is, well ..." Blakely shrugged emphatically, leaving no need for him to finish the sentence.

Valerie sighed. If it were up to her, she'd be upstairs already, both to eagerly oversee Jack's capture and assure that it actually took place. It wasn't that she didn't put any stock in the others' competence, but they had let him slip right through their fingers — with two prisoners, at that — once already. She was all but free in that she was herself and unchained, and that should make her happy, but somehow it felt ... hollow. He was still somewhere in the building, alive and breathing, and all of her screamed that she ought to be doing something about that. However, revenge was a luxury, a pastime reserved for after her actual duties were done with, and it felt clear what her duty was now.

"Do you have a cellphone?" One was offered, and one was promptly snatched away. "Right. I'm going down again and see if I can find Mrs. D. Tell the others that they don't need to make an effort to capture that fucker alive, but if they do, I call dibs. I'll drop a message to the rest of you if anything else happens."

Blakely opened his mouth. She could see an objection forming on the tip of his tongue, and fended it off. Whatever he was about to say was probably something undeniably sane, like her not being in the right state to wander away or get herself into more trouble. She refused to test the gods by telling him that it was unlikely that venturing down, into cellars that should be voided of anyone except prisoners, would present her with a bigger risk than following him upstairs. Besides, she felt like she needed some time alone before facing the others. Being on the receiving end of one pitying stare was bad enough, but soon there would be a hundred of them.

She wondered, as she took the stairs down, about what Mrs. Drakma would say once she was told. Her reaction would, without a doubt, be the worst to deal with. Valerie just hoped that, in the event that the others took Jack alive, the woman wouldn't let familial ties convince her that her psychotic nephew should be spared the punishment he so rightly deserved. She needed him dead. She would never be able to more forward unless he was dead. Surely Mrs. Drakma would understand.

Somewhere above and somewhere not very far east, a noise like so many fireworks going off at once rumbled down into the ground. It was followed by a sequence of tremors that shook the lamps on the ceiling and made paintings fall off the wall, and left behind an uneasy, foreboding tinkling of objects trying to readjust themselves.

Valerie started walking faster.

-----------------------------------------------

There were three of them inside the office on the first floor, and two protecting what was left of the stairs. They were supposed to be nine instead of five, but two men were already dead, Axis was taking care of his own task, and Nick had made himself scarce before the attack had even begun. Jack was told that the man had gone into town a few hours earlier, for no adequately explained reason, and that they'd tried to reach him by phone but been redirected to voicemail.

It wasn't that much of a problem as far as he was concerned. Even if Nick decided to return, he would never make it past the tight, tidy ring of SUVs and armed men and women.

In addition to the ones surrounding the building, there were dozens of Front members downstairs, scuttling over the ground floor like ants on a picnic blanket. Jex and Kuris had done a fine job of demolishing the broken parapet to prevent them from climbing it and gaining another foothold to attack them from, but it was anyone's guess how long that would work. The door had been bolted, anything made of glass had been safely tucked away, and furniture was piled up chaotically against the space where the window used to be, leaving but a thin gap between bookcase and desk.

Currently, Kuris was squinting through it while trying to keep as much of his body as possible behind the adjacent wall. The effort left him bent to the side in an inverted L shape, but it was efficient. The area above his nose was the only unprotected part of him, and it was too small a target to shoot at even if the enemy could see it. Stopping the enemy from seeing anything was, in fact, the main purpose of the barrier. It made it impossible for their magicians to teleport inside the office, since they needed to know what it looked like to be able to do that. At least that was one worry that they didn't need to have.
Kuris turned.

"One down," he announced.

"Good." Jack sagged against his own wall, too spent to react much. Rem and Tegron had just replaced him outside. Once enough Front members had made it in, they'd retreated upstairs and smashed up said stairs as much as they could so that they wouldn't be followed. It was a less effective deterrent than one could hope for, given that there was only so much smashing that could be done while avoiding the shower of metal being thrown at them, but it bought them time to find a better position and defend it. More than that, it bought him time to get the remote, which Jex was now operating. He smiled grimly and nodded at the man. The humans believed they had them cornered, that they'd be easy pickings. He was about to prove them wrong. "Make that two."

Jex pressed a set of buttons. Jack didn't see the explosion, but then again, he didn't need to. It was powerful enough to create a shock-wave that made his teeth clash together and the hair on the back of his neck stand up straight.

"Do you want me to do another?" Jex asked, his fingers already in position.

Jack shook his head.

"Give them a minute. If they don't cease fire and ask for parley, blow them up at will until they get the message." Valeriana wouldn't be happy with what he was doing, but hopefully she would never come to know about it. Axis should have taken her far away by now, and once they were reunited, she would only need to be mad about the fact that her hopes of escaping had been dashed. "Kuris, how is it looking outside?"

"A group of them are running towards the houses. You know, if we blow up one or two some blocks away from here, we should be able to spread them thin enough to make an easy escape."

"As I said, not yet. We'll negotiate first."

"Sure, but if we take too long, they might start getting people out on the streets, and then there goes our leverage," Kuris muttered, turning back to his observation spot. Suddenly he went rigid all at once, before throwing himself forward and gluing his eye to the crack. "I see Axis! He's trying to jump the wall!"

"What?!" Jack stood up in one panic-fueled motion and hurriedly bumped the other man out of the way to take his place. It was most certainly Axis. The red-brown hair and forest-green jacket were unmistakable. It couldn't bode well that he was alone, and that he was running away as fast as his legs could take him. Neither for them nor for Axis himself, he added, wincing in reluctant sympathy as a cluster of armed Front members spotted the runaway and opened fire on him. "Well, he's down. They don't seem to be preparing to finish him off, though." Most likely because they intended to use him as a bargaining chip. Judging by Kuris and Jex's dismayed faces, they were thinking something along the same lines.

"They'll want to exchange the remote for his life," Kuris said, in a tone that made it sound like a question. Jack nodded. It was a shame. He rather liked Axis, who did his job with minimal incompetence and was even fun to hang around with afterwards. Or used to be, back when aunt Marabeth was in charge and he was just a slightly taller weed in a huge field.

When he thought about it, it was almost disturbing how much had changed simply because he had acquired a small amount of extra power.

He shook those troubling thoughts off, stepped away from the pile of furniture and faced the others.

"He tried to escape alone. He's on his own no matter what they threaten to do with him."

"But—"

"He's on his own," he repeated. They should understand, if they valued their hides. Giving up the remote for a single man was out of question. Once they had it, there was nothing stopping the enemy from breaking in and killing them all anyway. Taking prisoners, especially prisoners who happened to be people they hated and had a bone to pick with, wasn't the Front's usual m.o. "Jex, the minute is up. Let's see how much longer it will take them to start being reasonable."

-----------------------------------------------

The cellars were even more poorly lit than the first underground floor, and the ventilation system had to be either broken or of astoundingly bad quality, because there was no fresh air to speak of down there. What she breathed in as she advanced, step after careful step, was dank, rotten and poorly oxygenated. To make matters worse, somebody had attempted to remedy that issue with liberal quantities of lavender-scented air-freshener. The result was about as overpowering as it was gag-inducing.

Valerie placed a hand in front of her nose and started opening doors at random. The first one led to the cold room, a compartment she had no wish of ever seeing again, let alone stepping into. The second one was locked, but for the first time in a while, that didn't present a problem.

She broke in and turned on the light, banishing the shadows that danced over gleaming metal appliances, a wide white counter and a contraption that at first glance she thought to be an old-fashioned dentist chair. However, going by the array of menacing-looking objects that littered the surrounding surfaces and by the fact that there were silver restraints attached to it, it was unlikely that the chair had ever been used for anything that involved orthodontics. Valerie took a step forward and touched the wet-white leather seat, wondering how long it would have taken until she found herself strapped to it. After a few instants of thankful shivering, she retreated out of the room and continued down the corridor.

She found the cage in the third and last room. It was wide enough to hold a lion, with bars as thick as a grown man's forearm. Inside she saw a thin, stained mattress, a pile of old newspapers and a tray holding a half-eaten bagel and a plastic cup. Of Mrs. Drakma there was no sign.

She pressed herself lightly against the door and was unsurprised when it flew back. She stepped inside the cage and picked up the cup. It was one third full with watery, almost translucent tea. She dipped a finger in it. Lukewarm. Wherever Mrs. Drakma had gone, she couldn't have left that long ago.

It was unlikely that Jack had moved his aunt somewhere else once the attack started -- if he had thought to do something like that, she would have had priority. Therefore, Mrs. Drakma should have escaped on her own. She held the door open to examine the lock from the other side. There were no scratches and no other visible signs of damage on the lock, but that didn't mean a thing. The woman was perfectly capable of picking a lock without leaving a mark. Perhaps she had escaped earlier and they'd just narrowly missed each other.

She was about to step out of the cage when her pocket started buzzing. She picked up.

"Redmont here. Is Mrs. D up there with you? Her cage was empty."

"No," Blakely replied, his voice terse. Valerie frowned. Where had that blasted woman gone to, then? "But forget about that for just a second. We have another, bigger problem!"

"What happened?" she shot back, holding the phone at arm's length. Blakely was practically screaming in her ear, and going deaf wouldn't help with whatever he needed from her.

"They have bombs! Lots of them, spread throughout the whole block and who knows where else! They are threatening to keep blowing them up unless we agree to their terms."

"Shit!" She took a deep breath and broke into an uneven run. Barrington's mention of remotely controlled explosives dug itself out of her mind, flaring like a beacon. It should have occurred to her that Jack wouldn't be thoughtless enough to remain on Earth, in a town that neared one of the busiest gates and where he could easily be found, unless he had an ace up his sleeve. "Where are they placed, and how many is lots?"

"About fifty. As for where they are, that's kind of our main issue: we don't know. Barrington says they've been spreading them everywhere and anywhere within half a mile. Burying them in people's yards at night, and shit. Even if we manage to locate them, we can't deactivate them all faster than they can blow them up."

"Great. Just great," Valerie mumbled. "And what are their terms, exactly?"

"That we let them go and don't follow, of course." There was a slight yet telling pause. She slowed down to a fast walking pace while Blakely struggled with his sensibilities to try to get the rest out. "And, well ... erm ..."

"He wants me, right?"

"Yes. Yes he does." There was a longer and considerably more uncomfortable pause, and then: "Sorry."

"All right." She stopped and pressed her eyes closed. "All right. Fine."

"Look, he's not going to get away with this. None of them are. We'll figure something out, so don't you start thinking about coming up and surrendering yourself, because—"

"Are you crazy? Of course I'm not going to surrender myself!" Just the idea of it was preposterous enough. As if she trusted Jack enough to believe that he wouldn't blow up everything anyway, either for shits and giggles or out of spite. "Are any of you in contact with him right now?"

"Harmon is serving as a mediator. We figured he would respond better to a tall, pale-skinned brunette, since that appears to be his type and all."

Valerie shook her head to herself. Blakely was making it too obvious that he was trying to spare her feelings, otherwise he would have added traits like mouthy or ill-tempered.

"Tell her to say to him that we agree. However, if he wants me, he can fucking well come get me himself."

"Redmont, I told you, you don't need to—"

"And like I said, I'm not surrendering. I have a plan. I'm not sharing it yet, but I have a plan."

Blakely sighed a loud, despairing sigh.

"At least let me run this through Santos first."

"That's fine. Call me back once you have something." She needed a bit of time to put everything in place anyway. She should have a minute or three until she heard from him and the others, and afterwards she could tell them to stall the negotiations for another five. It was best to move fast.

She returned to the room with the not-dentist chair and made a quick list of useful objects. She was spoilt for choice in weapons, but none of the offerings she saw were an upgrade from the lightening gun, so she let them be. Instead she eyed the wall opposite the door and made a few quick calculations.

A plan emerged, half-formed and far from solid, but definitively workable.

She exited the room again and glanced around. The cellars weren't one single straight corridor that led to the rest. There was a corridor, right enough, but it was a twisty geometrical nightmare. It started at the bottom of the stairs and contorted around the different rooms like a drunk worm before turning and returning to the beginning. Jack should know it like the back of his hand. Which meant that she had some changes to make before he arrived.

She went inside again, grinned at the wall she'd examined previously and sank her fist into it.

-----------------------------------

Thanks for reading, everyone! In case you are wondering why I'm putting this note at the end instead of the beginning of the chapter, as usual, it's because I've figured that most people probably skip it and go straight to reading the actual story. (And why wouldn't you.) I hope this lot of words lasts you for a while, because I'm back at school (*siiiiighhh*), and well, let's just say you most likely won't be seeing a new one in a month. In the meantime, keep and eye on my Facebook page or Twitter, where I occasionally post updates and stuff.

As always, a big fat thank you to my editors! And another one to all of you who keep up with this story and feed me your responses to it.  