Hello again, guys! Since it's been a long, long time since the last chapter, I thought you might need some sort of 'previously on' to catch you all up, in case you've forgotten who the characters are and what this story is about while I was busy . . . not writing. So here's what happened many moons ago on Bloodsong: 

Valerie, who is a tentacle alien with no tentacles, was captured by her ex-BFF Jack, who is a tentacle alien with tentacles and also kind of a colossal dick. After spending however many chapters raping her, almost freezing her to death and generally being enough of a shithead to earn himself five death sentences in a row, Jack decides that he might get more results out of her if he plays nice. While he forces her on a pseudo-romantic dinner and is busy feeding her penis fish, Valerie's coworkers show up to rescue her. Once he fucks off to go fight them, she frees herself with some help from Barrington, a sneaky inventor who is sneaky, and heads downstairs to wait for a chance to make Jack swallow his own balls. Also, Jack's evil aunt is secretly alive, and Jack's slightly less evil aunt is unexpectedly MIA. And that's where we left of.

- Mira

"I'm sure she did," he replied, folding his arms and resuming the tapping. "That's what has me worried."

At the same time, he realized something else.

They were stalling him.

She's had less than a second to recover when a tentacle smacked against the side of her head. She didn't know if it was a reflex or intentional on his part, but the impact reverberated through her skull for much longer than when he'd hit her with his hands. She scrambled to hold on to consciousness. If there had ever been a time not to black out, to remain aware and deny him the slightest advantage . . .

. . . not to . . .

She let go.

She needed to be calm. She needed to be in control. Once Jack woke he'd try any number of things to get the upper hand, to either persuade her to let him go or to provoke her into losing her composure. He'd be every bit as stubborn an ass as she had done her best to be with him, but she wouldn't allow herself to react like he had. Her emotions wouldn't rule her. His pleas, his taunts, whatever words he threw at her, wouldn't stir her. Nothing he could pull would prevent her from putting on her best face throughout the whole ordeal, and ending him.

He wouldn't go to his grave with the illusion that he and the things he had done to her mattered. She wouldn't give him the satisfaction. She'd spit on his face and tell him, with the coldness and hard perfection of a diamond, how inadequate he was. How much she loathed him. How much of an effect her rape hadn't had on her, how much she didn't care about his desecration of her body. How happy she would be, once he was gone from the world. How simple it would be to wipe his existence from her mind and leave their shared memories behind.

He might recognize that some of those had to be lies, but he'd never know which ones.

"You could stop."

She shook her head. She couldn't stop. She wouldn't have been able to even if she believed that stopping would fix everything, or most things at least. To his credit and her amazement, he didn't insist. She leaned into his hand and absent-mindedly petted one of his tentacles, which he wound and tugged until it was snugly fit around her midsection. A spark of decades old envy woke up within her, although it was dulled this time around. He was normal and she wasn't, but over the last few years it had started to dawn on her that abnormal wasn't the worst thing you could be.

Still, she couldn't help but look at him and feel a bit wistful.

"I guess I just need someone who . . ." She waved her arms, wondering, not for the first time, why it was so hard to put important things into words. What she needed was someone who was unlike everyone else in her life right now. Mrs. Drakma was a wonderful person, but the dynamic between them — student/teacher, employer/employee — bred a completely different sort of closeness than the kind she missed. As for the people she worked with, they were wonderful too, in their way, but the knowledge that they wouldn't exist in a hundred years held her back from forging strong bonds with them. "Sometimes I just need to have someone around who loves me, that's all. And I don't feel like that's a thing that's happened in a while."

"I love you," he replied, sounding choked. She smiled a bit and mussed up his hair, elated by the honesty that radiated from him. She knew that. She wouldn't have searched for him for so long, or felt so crushed about his absence, if she didn't. Still, it was nice to have the reminder once in a while, especially in times when he was more predisposed to act aloof and confrontational. "I really, truly do."

"I love you too," she told him seriously, wishing she could sound like he did, wondering if her words mattered to him like his mattered to her. Probably not. The reason why his affection was so precious was that he was one of the rare people who'd ever thought she was worth dispensing any on. Jack, on the other hand, was easy to love and had plenty of people who did and that he cared for in return. He had friends, and a family where he wasn't the black sheep. He was never truly alone. She was truly alone but for him. "You are like the brother I've never had."

He went stone-cold, which wasn't the reaction she'd expected. Valerie looked up, to see that his expression had changed into a mixture of grimness and scowls. His tentacles twitched around her, teeming with tension, and she found herself trying to unobtrusively wiggle herself out of them. Panic threatened to set in. Had she said something wrong? Had she said something in the wrong tone? Had he misinterpreted her, or had she misinterpreted what this whole exchange was supposed to be?

"Being someone's brother isn't all it's cracked up to be," he said eventually. The strain in his voice was clear, and Valerie wanted to smack herself. Of course. She'd thought Mrs. Drakma had been mean by reminding him of the Berthold issue, but now she had gone and done the same. No wonder he seemed so upset. There was such a thing as a faux-pas, and then there was bringing up one's dead brother killed by one's own hand in the middle of what was meant to be a feeling-heavy moment. What an idiot she had been.

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that. I mean, it is how I feel, but I should have used other words."

"If it's how you feel, you shouldn't apologize."

"Well. Still. I'm so very sorry." She stroked his arm, hoping the gesture would come across as both apologetic and reassuring, and let out a relieved breath when Jack covered her hand with his own and squeezed lightly. She didn't dare ask if she was forgiven, but it seemed that for the moment, he'd decided not to get angry. His face, however, was still pained, harrowed, and she felt terrible. "Please let's never talk about this again."

"I . . ." He swallowed, closed his eyes and pulled at the tentacle around her midsection, bringing her closer. He appeared to be counting to ten under his breath. Not knowing what else there was to do, she pulled her arms free and put them around his neck. She could feel his heartbeat, passing through his ribcage and into hers. It appeared dangerously out of pace. "Fine. If that's what you want."

"Sure." Valerie looked around, seeking a change of subject. She always seemed to be seeking changes of subject around him. The way things were going, it would be practical to have a list of alternatives prepared in advance. She went with the first that had popped into her brain, seeing as he was back to wrapping tentacles around her like she was a person-shaped weaving board — which she couldn't complain about, since she was half-convinced that it was some sort of coping mechanism. Allowing it made him look somewhat happier, at any rate. She poked the tentacle he'd just finished wrapping around her wrist. "You know, these are really, really soft. Squishy, almost. Aren't they supposed to toughen up when you grow older? I've seen Mrs. Drakma put hers through a tank once, and I don't think that would work if hers were squishy."

"Charming." It was almost a relief to have him back to sneering at her life-choices, but not so much that he quickly retreated, pulling back all the tentacles he had shifted so that they weren't touching her. Valerie felt strangely abandoned, while he looked from them to her, aghast. "What, you don't like them like this?"

"I was just wondering if you were ill," she murmured. It would have explained all the weird-looking bottles. There had been many more of them than any man — or any person, for that matter — should need to use at one time. "My great-great-great-aunt caught a flesh-eating bug once, because she was always walking around with her tentacles hanging out — she was really old, you know, and her mind was starting to wander, so she did things like that — and they all started going limp one day, and getting blotted and wart—"

"Valeriana, I am not going limp." He glowered at her, red-faced, possibly shame-faced too. "And I'm not ill."

Valerie was about to assure him that yes, yes, she believed him wholeheartedly on both accounts, when there was a knock on the door. And not only a knock, as the person knocking did it just once and then pushed the door open without waiting for an answer. All her years of good, decent breeding caught up with her again. She extricated herself from Jack's grasp and fled to the other side of the bed, unrolling herself in the process. Meanwhile, he went stiff again, and quickly started shifting back when a voice on the other side boomed 'I hope the two of you are decent!'

They were by the time Mrs. Drakma came in, mostly, although Valerie was still red enough to put a field of tomatoes to shame. Another woman, a human one, trailed in behind her, although that wasn't as unexpected as the fact that Mrs. Drakma was dressed soberly. In that, she was Jack's opposite. While he favored blacks and whites and every tint of grey in between, his aunt liked draping herself in the sorts of pieces that a peacock would consider too garish. And now there she stood, dressed like a librarian or a nun in plain clothes, and without a hat. The absence of a hat was perhaps the most disturbing thing. Valerie had never seen her go without a hat before, even indoors.

"What is it?" Jack asked, again his antagonizing self. He eyed the other woman with suspicion. Her face was round and amiable and marked by tiny wrinkles, and was almost certainly undeserving of his stare. Valerie knew she'd seen her before; she was one of those people she'd passed by often enough to have a general idea of why they ran into each other, but had never stopped and asked for a name.

Mrs. Drakma helpfully supplied the latter.

"This is Ellen," she said, pointing. The human beamed. "She'll provide our transportation."

Valerie waved and composed a friendly smile. Then she glanced to the side, saw that Jack had his arms crossed and a look like a leftover corpse, and increased the friendliness to make up for his behavior. Neither of the women was looking at her, though. Both of them were focused solely on Jack, Ellen with a pleasantly neutral, professional expression, Mrs. Drakma with almost uncharacteristic seriousness. A shiver ran up her spine. Something must have gone wrong. She knew she shouldn't have dared to dream too big.

"Transportation where?" Jack asked, breaking the uncomfortable silence. Mrs. Drakma gave him a smile that was utterly devoid of warmth, and Valerie blinked. For a moment, the woman had looked too much like Marabeth to not be disconcerting. She knew it to be an unfair assertion, not to mention one that was uncalled for — heritage was a thing that couldn't be helped, and bits of hated relatives were bound to slip in here and there — but now that she'd seen it, she couldn't un-see it.

"His test," Mrs. Drakma said. "We are starting in a while."

"We'll see," he replied.

The statement made something in her crack. She brought her face close, her eyes no longer hollow but savage.

"Do you know how many people I've killed in my lifetime?" she hissed. "Hundreds! Thousands, perhaps. Some of them deserved to die less than you do, and the majority of them hadn't even hurt me, just other people. And I still killed them, because it was my duty, and because no one who thinks they're entitled to own those weaker than them should walk this world unpunished. I took no pleasure in doing it most of the time. But with you? With you I'll slit your throat and laugh, and then I'll be happy because you will be gone!"

She stared down at the knife, her fingers and lips twitching, her body racked by restrained tremors. The look on her face was now an eerily familiar one, but also one he'd never expected her to have while she had a knife in her hand and him chained to a chair. It was the look he'd often seen on the faces of slaves-in-training that were approaching the threshold after which their personhood disintegrated. She wasn't just cracking anymore, she was breaking, as if the pressure of resisting him had been what had kept her together before.

It was amazing to watch, but also somewhat concerning. The thing about broken things, the thing Jack knew too well, was that they had countless little edges one could cut oneself on.

He decided to swallow his pride, at least for a while, and proceed with care.

"You are a better person than I am, Valerie. Do you remember that talk we had, not even an hour ago? What you said, about our nature being monstrous, and goodness residing in one's ability to rise above that?" A wrinkle appeared between her eyebrows. He had her attention, although it was grudgingly given. "You've made such an effort to be able to call yourself good. Do you really find it worth it to throw all that away, sink to my level even, just for the pleasure of getting the better of me?"

She gave him an incredulous look.

"Yes!" she almost shrieked. He winced. He'd thought her mad before, often, and felt he couldn't be blamed for the assumption. Most of the time she didn't act in ways that would be expected from reasonable people or could easily be understood, and 'mad' was an easy short-hand. The way she was staring at him, though . . . it made him ponder whether she was truly ill in the head. "You raped me. I said I was saving a rant about that for exactly this occasion, didn't I? Well then, here it is: you raped me. You damaged me as much as you could, and when I was the most scared and the most hurt you dragged me to a bathroom and shoved your prick up my ass, and you told me that I should calm down and enjoy. That I shouldn't be surprised, that any girl in my situation would already have guessed what you were planning. But I didn't. I would never have."

Fucking gods, he thought. Not this again!

"Valerie . . ." he started, but couldn't bring himself to finish. Dreamily, she thrust her hand downward, stopping the knife inches away from his cock, then bringing it forward again to scratch it lightly. It didn't cut, but everything about her posture suggested that statement needed a 'yet' attached.

"How many times did you tell me that you loved me?" She was crying now, although her expression remained unchanged, frozen with horror and hatred. He wanted to reply 'Countless!', but sensed that would be the wrong answer, even though it was a true one. "Enough times to cloud my judgment, it seems. Enough times for some part of me to begin to believe it, against all evidence to the contrary. So yes, everything you did failed to live up to my expectations. I expected better from you. You knew the lengths I've gone to in order to avoid being taken against my will, and then you did just that, and you dared to say that your intentions should be obvious. Because obviously, it would be absurd to think that someone who claims to love me wouldn't hurt me in the most extreme way. That's all that I deserve, after all."

He gritted his teeth, perturbed by the inherent wrongness of everything she was saying, by the self-loathing that flooded into her voice like water. This, of all the things, was the conversation that they should have had before. There'd just never been a moment that felt right, when she'd been vulnerable enough for him to broach it. It was unfortunate in so many ways. She had been so set on resisting him, on never letting her weakness show, that he'd almost forgotten that beneath the glaring and the biting and the threatening, she had feelings that were all too easy to hurt. Or perhaps he hadn't forgotten it, as much as he'd kept postponing the part where he actually dealt with it. And now there could be none of that.

"It's not what you deserve," he told her, holding on to that as he tried to put together a coherent explanation of how those two things — his love for her, his drive to cause her beautiful pain — could coexist. It was clear that she didn't understand. She didn't even understand that pleasure wasn't harmful. However, he found that it was hard, impossibly hard, to translate his thoughts into words. It was frustrating. He had never had to explain any of it before. "You deserve the best things, and believe me, that is exactly what you will get from me after we are done here. But I have . . . needs, and sometimes I'm incapable of not being selfish about them. It has nothing to do with loving you less, or with the way you are."

He tried to deliver it slowly enough that it would have time to sink in, but knew before he finished that he'd lost her with the first two sentences. Her hand began to run the knife up and down his length, with a deliberateness that could only be called teasing, and to his shock, it had the most bizarre effect on him. Although his mind was all too aware of the sharp edge and the danger its closeness represented, his body failed to grasp both variables and strained to react to the knife as it would to the dainty caress of a hand.

"All that I need from you is peace," she continued, as if she were unaware of the storm that raged within him. "Revenge, and then peace. If that means I'll have to be a monster for today, that's fine. It's worth it. No one ever said that good had to be nice. On the contrary; too much niceness often renders goodness ineffective."

She got up abruptly, dropping the knife on the floor, turned on her heels and returned to the counter. There she let her hand hover over the assembled devices, bottles and boxes. He strained his neck to see what she would pick, and it was with untold relief that he saw her grab a box of white latex gloves. She pulled them on and came over again, her feet light on the ground as if she were half dancing. He was struck, with an intensity that almost made his heart skip a beat, by how gorgeous she was even now, with her dress torn and covered in the blood of both of them. Especially now, in fact. It seemed preposterous that something so pretty could mean to cause him harm.

"I wouldn't have killed you," he reminded her, hating the hopelessness he sensed creeping into his tone.

"Yes." Her composure was all back. Her eyes held no trace of tears. "You would only have destroyed me."

"I don't think so." It was hard to believe that she could think so. They'd lived on the same world, hadn't they? One where his plans for her were not only the furthest thing from terrible, but desirable, even? "I think you would have thought that at first, perhaps, but eventually grown out of it and seen that it was all for the best."

"And grown to love you."

"And grown to love me," he agreed. "It's interesting that you keep saying that as if it's the most ridiculous thing you've ever heard, when the truth is, no matter how much you try to rewrite the past . . . you did love me once."

"True." Her face lost some of its somberness, and for a moment there was light in her eyes, like she was laughing at a secret joke. She rested a hand on his leg. He had noticed the lengths she'd gone to before to avoid touching him, to let her fingers do nothing more than skim his skin when they dragged the knife elsewhere. The fact that she did it freely with gloves on, as if he were too repulsive to touch with bare hands, was beyond offensive. "And look where that brought us."

Then, with a suddenness that jarred him, she gripped his cock. Hard, squeezing its middle with such force that blood nearly stopped running to the head and a raw ache ran from it to his balls. Even with the insulting layer of latex in the way, the heated pressure of her hand managed to drive him past the borders of sanity. Before he could help himself, he was screaming. Before he could help himself, he was stiffening in her grasp. It probably helped, insofar as the term applied, that for once she didn't look at his cock as if it made her queasy. Instead she looked interested, and his traitorous flesh had no concept of how disturbing that ought to be.

"Fuck!" he uttered. It was impossible to tell, even to himself, whether he was swearing or pleading.

"I thought about freezing you," she continued, her voice low. She leaned to the side and grabbed a vibrator from the bin, testing its weight like she would the one of an unfamiliar weapon. Somehow he'd forgotten about those. "Like you did to me. But I don't have the time, so I guess I'll have to skip that step."

She gave his cock another withering look, pulled it until it was fully upright, and placed the vibrator alongside it. He gave her a wary stare, trembling still from the pain she'd caused him. It had spread so far he could feel it in the flesh around his teeth. What she intended he couldn't guess, but after gazing from his erect shaft to the vibrator a couple of times, she hmmed, shook her head and threw the latter back in the bin. She took another, and repeated the process, right down to the disdainful twitch of her lips when she discarded that one too.

By the third try, he had some idea of what she was doing, and had gone from apprehensive to bemused.

"If you really are set on being faithful to the things I did to you, then I expect you'll blow me after this." He smiled, drinking in the sight of her stopping mid-throw and baring her teeth at him before she could help it. "Fair is fair."

"This one, I think," she mused, pretending she hadn't heard him. She showed him the shaft. It was very slightly thicker than his own, but she seemed satisfied with it, perhaps for that very same reason. He had to go to some effort to let his face remain blank. "Is this your first time taking it up the ass, Jack? I'll go easy on you if it is."

It was, not that he cared to admit it. Not for lack of trying on the part of some of his previous partners, either — Aphrodesia in particular had been dismayed to learn that he had no intention of letting her go there, and pouted about it for days on end, so much so that he'd lost his patience and told her to pack her bags. It had never been something that appealed to him, at least not when he was the one on the receiving end, and he hadn't cared for anyone he'd ever been in a relationship with to the point where he was willing to submit to acts he enjoyed less. He did care for Valeriana to that point, at least theoretically . . . but this was stretching it.

Yet for some reason, his cock refused to soften. Dimly, he knew that the mixture she'd injected him with had to be at least partially responsible. It had taken him long enough to reach that conclusion, because on paper his reaction to her, to the prospect of being fucked by her, seemed natural. Felt natural, even. He had craved her for ages, so long that it was hard to imagine there could be something wrong with continuing to crave her under the circumstances. However, when he thought about it in more depth, the wrongness became apparent. It wasn't normal to be aroused while taking on the role of passive victim. Not to him, at least.

"Those drugs . . ." He focused on the pounding in his head, listening to it with terrible fascination as it filled his senses. It was still intense, but unlike pain in every way. "What did you give me?"

"This and that." She placed her hands on either side of his head and brought her face close, as if she meant to either seduce him or kiss him or rip his nose off with her teeth, but all she did was whisper: "It's not pleasant, is it? To have your body go against what your mind wants and not be able to help it?"

He shook his head, struggling with the effort of keeping a straight face.

"No," he agreed, not because it was close to the truth, but because he'd have to be mad to tell her that he didn't share her hang-ups, and therefore wasn't bothered by what she was doing. Not too bothered, at any rate. If she expected him to gain a greater understanding of how much she'd suffered at his hands by pumping him full of aphrodisiacs and forcing him to come, then the joke was on her. And it was a hilarious one. "Is this what you want to do to me? Truly?"

"No!" The vehemence of her answer astonished him as much as its violence. She slapped him, hard, but then something seemed to come over her, and a moment later she was running a cold gloved hand over his leg as if she were in a trance. He'd rather have her touch him like that somewhere up higher, but guessed he had to content himself with what she decided to give him. She licked her lips and shook her head, speaking as if to herself. "Of course I don't want to do it!"

Which was a fantastic thing to hear, as he did not want her to either. Which made it all the more outrageous that his cock hadn't yet managed to soften, and kept standing to attention like it expected to have a good time.

"Then don't."

"I don't want to do it," she went on, staring at the shaft in her hand with the gloomiest expression he'd ever seen and ignoring his response altogether. "I don't want to do it, and I hate you. And you wanted to do it so, so badly, and yet you say you love me. It's funny when you think about it, isn't it?" She started to laugh, the sound as hollow as her eyes, and any hopes he'd had that her capricious morality would hold her back were dashed.

"Fine," he sneered. "Just remember that you did. Because I'll catch you again, and I will take you over and over and over as punishment, and you will have lost every reason to act self-righteous about anything I do to you!"

"Oh, shut it." Her hand shot out and pressed something into his mouth. Only after she'd persuaded him to open and close his lips around it did he recognize the obstruction as his rolled-up socks. She wound a strip of duct tape around his head to keep them in place and shoved him against the headrest. Being robbed of his voice upset him more than he had imagined it would, especially because after that she stopped talking too. Her silence gave him greater cause for concern than her threats. With those, he'd at least known what to expect.

She fiddled with the controls of the chair, pressing them experimentally and causing all three pieces to flatten, rise and lower under his back, so that his body would have no choice but to bend along with them. When she was happy with the positioning, she began to unchain one of his legs. He readied himself to take advantage of the newfound freedom, but she pressed a nail in the soft depression on the underside of his knee and held it in an unbreakable grip, allowing him no movement as she bent the leg and used her other hand to fasten it.

Her inexperience showed. If he had been the one in charge, he'd have bound her to the chair with her back up, erasing the need for aerobics and contorted bodies. As it was, he had to give her points for creative malevolence. The position she was bending him in was one reminiscent of a woman giving birth. It might not be a comfortable one, nor one that allowed for an easy reach, but he'd be hard pressed to imagine one that was less dignified.

She stood back and pressed a hand against her chin.

"This isn't right," she muttered, though not in a way that suggested she had discarded her plans.

She turned and disappeared behind the chair. Four footsteps later he heard a tap being opened. He barely had time to wonder what she'd done, or intended to do, when a surge of cold water bit into his scalp and fled down his neck, streaming over his chest and pooling where the thickest parts of the chains held it back.

He wanted to shudder, but stopped himself, refusing to give her the satisfaction. He needn't have bothered; she didn't look like anything would satisfy her. Instead of taunting him, she resumed her position and nodded to herself, as if she had just crossed an item on an invisible checklist. Then she just . . . looked at him, for a while. He did his best not to let his unease show, and reminded himself that as distasteful as it might seem, what he was about to endure was the preferable option. She could have castrated him or removed his tongue, or done any number of things that allowed no opening for rapture, reluctant or not. But she had chosen to fuck him.

Not that it made him feel pleased, or even flattered. But she had chosen to fuck him, and that was something.

She didn't speak to him again and just started, as if she were suddenly pressed for time. He noticed the trembling of her hands as she raked one through her hair and closed the other around the vibrator, and felt moderately comforted by the fact that he wasn't the only one whose mind was waging wars against his body. She slid a hand underneath his backside, lifting it from the seat and causing the chains to dig deeper into his belly, and angled the shaft. Her fingers dug in his hair. If he ignored everything else, it would have felt almost reassuring.

"Will it help," she asked, voice deceptively soft, "if I tell you that I love you, during?"

He cursed her out under the gag. The sickest part was that yes, it probably would have.

The first touch of the cold metal was startling. Her utter lack of gentleness too, although it should have come as no surprise; she might be attempting to repay him in kind, but that didn't mean that she would be kind. She didn't use any kind of lubrication, either. His first thought was that she'd forsaken it on purpose, but it was equally likely that she'd just forgotten it was needed. She didn't seem to be in the right frame of mind to remember that kind of minutiae. She didn't seem to be in the right frame of mind, period.

He balled his hands into fists and tightened involuntarily, forgetting every recommendation he had so often made when it was someone, something else, on the receiving end of the penetration. Not that it seemed that there was any way to ease the entry. She appeared determined to make it as difficult as possible, as painful as possible. And still, the pain wasn't the worst of it. That would be the anticipation. She was toying with him, and he hated it.

"Are you going to cry?" she asked, thrusting in another inch. He became convinced that she, on the other hand, had to be enjoying herself. She seemed calmer now, too, as if the fact that she'd begun and left herself no room to go back gave her peace. Her face was so close to him, and the mess of feeling he had become tried to drink in her warmth, the calming sound of her heartbeat, as if they could fill every corner of him that fear had taken over. Her lips pressed against his forehead, and he looked up at her in disbelief as she murmured against his altogether too-flushed skin: "I know I wanted to, when you did this to me. Or maybe I actually cried, I don't know. All of it already seems so unreal. Are you starting to understand, though? Why I fought you? Why I couldn't just enjoy?"

He shook his head before he could help himself. Her mistake was trying to conflate their experiences as if they were the same. As if they she and him had both been designed to be taken. He knew he hadn't; in fact, as she continued to thrust into him and he stretched to accommodate the tip of the vibrator, he felt he had empirical evidence that he hadn't been. Surely the things she was forcing him to endure would be appealing otherwise, and they weren't.
When he looked down, and saw how much of the shaft had yet to go in, he nearly passed out. He'd never had reason to dislike his own size, for obvious reasons, but right now he wished that nature had been somewhat less generous. There was so much of it. Far too much of it. And his body plainly didn't want to take it all in.

"It's alright," she said, extracting the vibrator in one go. His insides tensed, then relaxed, blissfully empty again, but the respite was brief. She thrust in again, all the way to the middle, and then some inches more. His stomach contracted with a sudden urge to vomit. If there was a shred of pleasure to be gleaned there, the drugs were to blame for it. Mostly, it was agony. Uncomfortable, too full agony. "I still have some time left to teach you."

She was as good as her word. Immediately, she set a pace to the thrusting, and he was convinced that it had to be the one that would bruise his intestines the quickest and the most. Soon, he was unable to think. Images still filled his head, but they were out of his control. It was the fearful part of him, the part that did entertain the possibility that she'd kill him in the end, which spat them out. With each thrust he convinced himself that she was winding his innards around the shaft, like tentacles around a leg, and would pull them all with it and let them spill from his gaping opening the next time she took it out. If that wasn't her intent . . . well, it certainly felt like it.

He might have been wrong about the drugs being an aphrodisiac. They hadn't merely left him with a raging hard-on, they enhanced every sensation available with no regard for how much those clashed with each other. He was sick with arousal and wallowing in agony, and at times he couldn't tell which was which. All he knew was that his heart was beating faster than ever, almost in tandem with the thrusts, and that it might just decide to give out when she stopped. If she would stop, ever.

She looked so content, so caught up in what she was doing. Her eyes were sapphires in the dark, and they burned with cold fire, never leaving his face, as if the play of emotions on it were too captivating to miss a second of. If he were standing at her side instead of lying underneath her, spurring her on while she worked on some hapless creature, she would have been a pleasure to watch.

He made an attempt to speak, or to communicate that he wanted to speak, but she shook her head and refused to remove the gag. A shame. He would have liked to ask her if she was getting off on what she was doing, just to see how she would respond. He thought he was starting to understand something about her, something he felt like a fool for not noticing sooner. Undoubtedly she realized how much she enjoyed having power over him, but there was no telling whether she recognized how big a part of that enjoyment was sexual.

Which was a problem, of course. He required a partner who yearned to be taken, one capable of finding pleasure in giving in, in relinquishing control. They could never be each other's perfect complement if she required the exact same thing, and he wasn't entirely sure that making her his mate would smooth over something like that.

Truth be told, it wasn't a problem he didn't know how to solve. Over the years he had managed to mold slaves more prone to wielding a whip themselves into docile dolls that said things like 'Yes, Master!' with eagerness. However, that sort of thing took work, twice as much as training someone to whom submission came naturally, and removed a fundamental part of their self. Which wasn't a downside for slaves, whose personality hardly mattered anyway, but didn't feel like something he ought to do to the girl he loved.

The girl he loved, who had just decided that the continued pulling and shoving bored her — not that he felt like complaining, but it was further proof that she wasn't fit to be in charge in the bedroom, no matter what instinct might tell her. Any master worth their salt would have kept it going for hours. He knew he would have. However, his contempt didn't last, because although she released the vibrator, she didn't take it out. Instead she turned it on, with a smile that was as enchanting as it was menacing. He groaned, more out of disappointment than pain or discomfort. He'd thought she was done, but apparently not.

She did remove the gag. He took note to never again bind anything to anyone's hair with duct tape.

"Look," he said, as soon as he'd rid his mouth of the taste of his own feet. "I'm . . . sorry."

She tilted her head. He'd thought she might look surprised, but all she did was ask:

"What for?"

'Everything' seemed too broad an answer, and it would be a lie besides — and at the moment he felt strangely compelled to say the truth and only the truth. There were many things he'd done to her that he didn't regret in the slightest. 'That I captured and took you against your will' would be likewise dishonest. He wasn't sorry for capturing her. He was sorry that she wasn't captured right now. As for taking her against her will . . . even if it had been ill-advised to do it so soon and in the way he had, it was hard to regret a pleasure so great it seemed to belong to the realm of the divine. But perhaps that last part could be spun in such a way that . . .

"I'm sorry that you were hurt. I'm sorry that I lacked patience while dealing with you, and that you consider your first time ruined." Although it was debatable whether what he'd done counted as her first time. She was still a virgin in the eyes of the gods, as she needed to be in order for them to be mated in the traditional way. In hers . . . well, she had spent so long among humans that it was a small wonder she was nitpicky about those things. "I know that I should have waited until our mating ceremony, and touched you only then, and I'm sorry I did not. I should have done things properly, done you properly, instead of forcing you to undergo an unpleasant and incomplete experience."

"You know . . ." She closed her eyes and pressed two fingers against the bridge of her nose. "For a moment, I actually thought I was about to hear something from your mouth that wasn't utter horseshit. Serves me right."

Against his protests, she shoved the ball of sock back in, solidifying his impression that he'd put his foot in his mouth. He didn't even know why her reaction surprised him. The most enduring thing about her had always been her ability to hold a grudge, and apologies never worked on her, no matter how heartfelt. This one seemed to go a step further and anger her, even, although he couldn't for the life of him guess why. Whatever the reason, she was also shaking again, which worried him more than the rage distorting her features. He knew, more or less, how to deal with her when she was angry. He was at a loss about how to act when she looked like she barely had a hold of herself, and could break into pieces at any second.

Abruptly she turned and stalked back to the counter. He lay there waiting, with parts of him throbbing when they shouldn't and a ball of warmth in his stomach that felt more like indigestion than longing. She walked up and down along the counter a few times, muttering indistinctly over the devices she'd dumped on it. He couldn't help but cringe when she picked up a set of prongs. Luckily — or unfortunately, it was too soon to tell — something else caught her eye, and she put them back. She lifted the something so that it caught the light.

It was a glass stirring rod, probably the one she'd used to mix the drugs, as he could see a fat, gray-ish drop fall from it when she shook it over the counter. She also grabbed a red bottle, and turned the label towards her so that he wouldn't be able to read it. It wasn't necessary, though. To his consternation, he recognized it without any aid. Unlike every other bottle in the room, it did not contain drugs or other complicated mixes of chemicals, or anything commonly used in the training of slaves. It was the imported spicy crap that Barrington dumped in generous quantities on everything he ate, and had left lying around in case he felt like lunching while working.

It occurred to him that he probably should have killed the snake after his aunt's death, no matter how useful he had shown himself to be. Aunt Marabeth had kept him around with his mind unbroken because he had some of the traits she appreciated even in humans — namely, an unbendable instinct to put himself first and foremost, everything else be damned — and because his amazing, boiling pot of a mind was what made him useful in the first place. Now the Front had likely captured him, or he had slithered to their side on his own volition, and he'd gladly impart them all the knowledge he'd accumulated over the last year. It was all a huge, disastrous mess.

She said nothing as she came over to him, and said nothing as she picked up the knife she'd dropped earlier. Dispassionately, she held his chin, pressed the point against it and dragged it down. Then, once the blade had collected enough blood for her liking, she lifted it to his lips and made a pair of fresh cuts there. They healed in an instant, but the echoes of the pain remained. His body was a chord, too tightly strung. Touching any part of it created a wave of feeling that washed over the rest, and right now . . . right now that feeling was dread.

He kept dreading as she traced every part of his face, mouth, nose, eyes, with deep and ephemeral cuts. She was looking at him, but it was as if she didn't see him, just the drawings she was making on the canvas of his skin. It dawned on him that he still didn't know how he would escape her. The present offered him no chance of that, and he didn't know what would follow his torture, so it was hard to make plans for after. There was no point in asking her what she'd do to him then, either — not that he could, mute as he was. She'd simply say that there would be no after, that she'd kill him when she was done, which he even now refused to believe.

Her hands became quicker, more frantic, as they left his face and moved to his chest. She slashed him, outlining every line of his body with red dashes, and he bit the gag, refusing to cry out even if the sound would be muffled. He didn't even get the brief reprieve a loss of consciousness would afford him. He wasn't losing enough blood, or losing it fast enough to dull his senses, and even if he were, the drugs racing through his veins wouldn't allow that to happen. He was to endure it all to the fullest. 

She grew impatient again — impatient, not bored, as he had mistakenly thought before — and laid the knife aside. Something appeared to frustrate her, and he didn't have to think long to know what. She was frustrated by his stoic silence, by his refusal to throw a fit. He realized, with a start, that telling her that he wouldn't whine and cry as she had had been a mistake. She hadn't taken it as a taunt. She had taken it as a challenge, and if on one hand it was good that he was winning it so far, on the other it was encouraging her to up her game.

A shiver passed through him. A hint of a smile tugged at the corner of her mouth; she couldn't have helped but notice his unease, and it appeased her, though not enough. He pondered whether it wouldn't be saner to give her what she wanted. It would hurt his pride, yes, but if he screamed and thrashed and allowed her to adequately sate her bloodlust, she might feel less compelled to invent worse things to do to him. He didn't doubt that she could think up something that would make himwish he were having a blunt object shoved up his ass instead.

Further considerations turned out to be pointless, however. Before he could make any sort of decision, it became clear to him what she meant to do next, and it became clear to him that he'd never get through it without howling at least once. He stared in disbelief as she screwed off the top of the sauce bottle and plunged in the glass staff, until half of it was drowned. She took it out again. It was as if he saw her through a haze. His mouth was making muted sounds of protest, but he was only half aware of it. All his attention was focused on the staff, which was now coated with red sauce and headed . . . but he knew where it was headed. If her aim was to make him cry, then there was only one obvious place to stick it in.

Fury rose in him, momentarily drowning out his alarm. This was not fair. As demeaning as it had been, he could understand why she thought he deserved a cock up his ass. But he couldn't think of a single reason, of a single thing he'd done to her, that her revenge-addled brain could have accurately translated into 'Glass staff with hot sauce down cock'. He wanted to scream that at her, and because of it he resented the gag more than ever. The awareness of how powerless he was hit him like a brick. He couldn't move. He couldn't even talk her down.

He couldn't stop her.

He could only stare helplessly, his breathing shallow and slowly fogging the inside of the wall of duct tape, his balls tightening as if they meant to flee back inside his body. Against his better judgment, he regarded the staff. It was no thicker than a straw, and it looked incongruously fragile, just like the girl wielding it. It would go in, no doubt, although with difficulty, and no doubt the entry would be pure torture. He didn't want to begin to consider the idea that it might break in the process, shatter inside him while she kept pushing it in, but he did.

Even that didn't prepare him for the burn, because burn it did. Barrington had to have been something abnormal, something other than human, because he couldn't imagine what kind of creature would willingly ingest the same substance that was setting his skin aflame. He cried out, unable to help himself, and in the aftermath of the first contact he heard her sharp intake of breath. There was something undeniably sensual about it, about the way she reacted to his suffering, but he couldn't bring himself to appreciate it because his cock was on fire.

And he was still hard. How the fuck was he still hard?

Her nails popped out of the gloves, tearing the fingertips and the skin around his balls. He didn't have to scream again — he had yet to stop — but he bucked away from the chair, bending his back past its breaking point in an attempt to gain distance, any distance, between her hand and his groin. She sighed and pressed her palm on his belly to force him down again. The ease with which she did it was nauseating. Every muscle in his body could have been removed and replaced with straw, and he'd hardly feel weaker, softer than he did now. The notion of escaping her seemed suddenly very distant. As he was, he couldn't even evade her for a while.

She cupped his balls with one hand while the other worked the staff in. He didn't want to look at it anymore. The sight alone unmanned him. He closed his eyes and held his breath, thinking that if he did it for long enough, he might pass out and be spared the bigger part of the experience. She had, with great effort and great pain, forced the first half inch of the staff inside him. The burn stretched further, much further. It might be eating at his kidneys for all he knew. He did know that his cock had finally gone soft, that his blood had fled from it and that the only thing keeping it upright were her hand and the staff. The staff, that kept going down, and down, and down . . .

"You deserve this." Her words rang like a bell, cutting through the cloud of anguish and fire. "You deserve this, not because you killed people, not because you killed people in my name, but because the people you simply killed were the ones who got off easy. You deserve this because, as much as you think you are suffering right now, the men and women and children you sent to Barashi to be sold like cattle are suffering more."

She shut up, choking on her own wrath and indignation, and if he had a voice or a will he would have told her to get off her high horse and quit pretending that she was doing what she was for anyone besides herself. But he had neither — the first had been burned away by the gag and his screaming, the second had shriveled up to protect itself from being assaulted more. He just wanted it all to end. It felt impossible that she was still going on, that she hadn't looked at his face at one point or another and received her cue to stop.

And then she did. Half a minute passed in a silence only broken by his breathing, hers, and the infernal whirring of the vibrator. There were no other sounds, and no movement that he could tell. He opened his eyes again to see what expression she was wearing, and after that they sank down to his cock with a sort of inevitability. The colors of it, of the area around it, were all wrong. There shouldn't be so much vivid red, so much purple that was nearly black, so many random pieces of skin that looked like something more commonly found on a corpse.

The main attraction stood up straight, like some horrific stuffed animal that still looked somewhat alive way past the point where it shouldn't. Valeriana ran a finger down it, from the tip — the staff had completely disappeared inside, he could feel his overstuffed channel pulsating around it — to the base, where it met his swollen testicles. Her eyes were on his; dark, intent. She was waiting for something, and when he refused to give her whatever it was and just kept staring back at her tiredly, her hand closed around his length and became a fist.

He heard the snap. He felt the snap. She could have crushed his spine and he wouldn't have felt it more. The staff cracked under the merciless pressure and became a tower of splinters that had no place to go except his flesh. She squeezed again. His face grew hot, and he thought he actually might be crying, although there was no way to be sure. His eyes saw nothing but flashes — red, white, black, white, red, the mingled colors of her face floating above him — and heard nothing but the screaming of his mind, loud, sharp sounds that told him that it wasn't over. That gods help him, it wasn't over.

He had never been much for faith. Aunt Marabeth was probably the one to blame. Even though he had never heard her deny their existence, which she considered adequately proven, she had always spoken of the gods with a twinge of disdain. The way one would speak about snooty relatives who bragged too much about having a larger house. He had always liked the concept of religion, though. The rituals, the fact that there were the right things and the wrong things and fixed rules that decided which was which. And the prayers, he liked those too. There was something comforting about casting old words into the void and knowing that it might answer back.

So he prayed, under his breath and inside his head and against the ball of sock. He didn't care to see whether she heard him or reacted to it. If he tried, he might see what she was doing, and he knew in his gut that doing so wouldn't be to his benefit. He felt it, anyway. It had been the feeling — the cold, precise kiss of a knife against warm, beaten flesh — that had convinced him to pray in the first place. He didn't need to see her cut up his dick. It was enough that he knew she was. But just as he'd settled into a state where he could abstract himself from the pain, she dragged him back to reality by removing the gag and returning him his voice.

"Open your eyes," she said. She was teasing him. Echoing his own words back to him to see what effect they'd have. He was too exhausted to play, though, and opened them wearily. The first thing he thought as he looked down was that it seemed impossible that he had bled so much. Even the seat under him was warm and drippy. "I think we're almost done. Another five minutes, tops. If there is anything you'd like to say to me — famous last words, and so on — I suggest you do it now, because you may not be up for it later."
Her words passed him by like smoke. He couldn't stop gaping at the thing between his legs, the thing that had formerly been a penis. She had opened it, cut it so that it resembled an odd, stringy flower, or perhaps a piece of leek. It was taking its time to heal — too traumatized to do it immediately, perhaps — and in the meantime he was subjected to the drip drip plink of pieces of glass getting expelled from the flesh and running to the floor in a flood of blood. Some of what she'd said finally sank in, as did the reality that he'd badly tried to deny over the last few minutes: she was going to kill him. She was really going to kill him.

He started to laugh.

She stepped back as if the sound had spooked her, but quickly caught herself and leaned in, lifting a quizzical eyebrow while she waited for him to be done. He didn't seem to be able to stop, though. It was just . . . she was going to kill him. It was laughable. It was reality. It was laughable reality.

On some level he knew he had lost it, but it didn't matter one way or another, because she was going to kill him.

"I love you," he told her, still shaking with bitter mirth. "Oh, I do love you!"

"You are fucking mental," she told him, poker-faced, which was rich coming from her. He grinned, so much that his mouth hurt. Which didn't matter, as everything else that was him hurt more, and she was going to kill him.

"Did I ever tell you when I started? Loving you, I mean?" he asked, and while her petrified expression made it crystal clear that she'd rather go on not knowing, he continued: "The thing is, I don't think I know it myself. There must have been a time when I didn't love you, I'm sure of it. I remember when we met, and you were this small, panicky thing in a soaked dress, and I remember that I wasn't impressed. I just don't remember when the shift happened, from being around you because there wasn't anyone else to being around you because I couldn't stand not to be. That is why I couldn't stop. Why I couldn't leave you alone, or leave you for someone else. I've been in love with you, Valeriana, for so long that it's become a personality trait. And I'll take it with me when I leave this life, and I'll have it still when we meet on the other side. You can kill me, and think that will be the end of this, but I can assure you . . . it will be nothing more than a delay."

They stared at each other.

After a while she shook her head, looking uneasy. For a moment he thought she'd slap him, or scream. However, if she felt an urge to do either, she held it back. When she spoke next it was with the slow, measured tones of someone who was talking to reassure herself as much as she was trying to state her intentions.

"I think," she breathed, "I think I'd like to see your heart."

"I'm going to bury you," she said, and although his eyes remained closed, a muscle twitched in his jawline. She knew he wouldn't like that. It wasn't the proper way to do things. "In the ground, thirty feet under, even if I have to spend the whole of tonight digging your grave myself. You don't get the fire. If I don't get to be cleansed, neither do you."

Jack made an indiscernible sound, half gargle, half sigh. A trickle of blood ran from his parted lips, and his chest heaved up and down at a slow, tired pace. He looked crushed — beautifully so. A part of her wished she could live in this moment forever, make the present a fly preserved in amber. Never kill him, never get out of that room to face a world in which it would take her years to stop feeling angry and ashamed. Just keep things precisely the way they were, with her standing over him and him bleeding out under her.

Had he been thinking along those lines when he'd taken her? Imagined that it would never end, that he would be able to stay inside her always? That there'd be no future where she could voice or act on her hatred for him?

She broke another one of his ribs out of pure spite and shook her head, releasing his heart. Enough flesh was now out of the way, although she had to use both her hands as an ersatz forceps to keep the tear open, that it was possible to look into him. The smell was overpowering — metallic, crushingly tangy, laced with a hint of acid and decay. Bits and pulsing, anonymous organs poked out from the dark puddle that filled the cavity. His heart made little waves of blood crash against his sides every time it beat, but only every once in a while. It was growing as lethargic as its owner.

She smiled.

"You'll miss me when I'm gone," he said — croaked. She gave him a look.

"Never." There was nothing there was worth missing. The sweet, friendly boy he had been, or the halfway decent man he'd made her believe he had become, those were, but those she had been mourning for the past fifteen years. The thing she was looking at was but a pale shadow of both. It didn't deserve life. It didn't deserve her tears, or to take up space in her memory. She grabbed his heart again, swiftly, before the gap that exposed it had time to heal around her hand, and pulled at it, straining all the connected arteries. "Not for a moment."

"Val," he cried out. His eyes were open again, and they stared fixedly at the mass of vine-colored flesh that she was extracting from inside his chest bit by bit. Heaving a couple of times as if he were about to puke, he stared at her too. She had to admit he was holding up well, considering the circumstances. If she had been in his shoes she would be swearing and flinging around insults, but everyone had their own way of dealing. "Please."

This conflicted her. She liked to hear him beg. She had wanted him to beg right from the start, and felt massively peeved when he'd denied her that small pleasure. What she didn't like was how hearing him beg made her feel. He had done it in just the right tone, guaranteed to extract the maximum amount of mercy without going as far as to make him sound pitiful, and she could tell that her unruly depths were responding to that.

Her lips morphed into an inflexible line. This was it. She waited for her mind to present her with reasons to delay his death once again, but there were none. There was nothing else she needed from him, and she had nothing else to say to him, and if the Front members above hadn't fled yet, they'd be getting anxious about how long she was taking and her refusal to answer calls, and come looking for her. She needed to be done before that.

"Please," he repeated, jerking one chained arm as far away from the chair as it could go in an attempt to reach for her. She bumped it away, shuddering, unsure if she still liked to hear him beg. It didn't even ring as true this time. She suspected he had latched onto it because he'd realized that it had some semblance of an effect over her. It would be disastrous if she were to confirm him right. "You know . . . you don't want . . . to do this."

This time he was mistaken. She hadn't wanted to rape him. She'd believed she needed to do it, as if two wrongs could, for the first time in all of history, make a right. She did want to kill him as much as she needed to kill him. The tiny voice in her head that urged her to hold back, to keep delaying the inevitable despite there being no reason why she ought to . . . that didn't belong to her. It was just her madness talking, or perhaps her weakness, and she wanted nothing but to distance herself from both. Allowing one or the other to overpower her would be unthinkable.

Valerie stared at his heart with burning intensity, until it felt like the weight of her eyes would ignite it and cause it to be devoured by flames. Having that power would have made matters so much simpler. She wouldn't have to move a finger to kill him. She would only need to keep staring and keep hating him, and the warm, alive organ would be ash in her hands. As things were, she needed to make a decision. One she'd thought to have made already, but apparently not firmly enough.

"You deserve to die." She said it more to herself that to him. That was the one certainty she had. If she left him alive — and she didn't want to ponder what it meant that she was looking at the consequences of such an action as if she were giving it serious consideration — then what? She couldn't free him. He was himself, and changing him was impossible. Give him another day, and he'd be back to trading slaves and harassing her. She could have him transferred to the Liberation Front's base in the Arctic, to freeze his ass off and hack ice all day, but it wouldn't take him long to escape from there, and then the same problem would arise.

Death was the only acceptable end for him. She had known that from the start.

She closed her eyes, dropped his heart back in the puddle it had come from and pressed both hands against her forehead, fighting to keep the voices — plural, now — down. His chest would close up completely if she waited too long to pick it up again. She was as aware of that as she was aware that when it happened, she might not be able to summon the fortitude to dig her way towards it again. She'd have to, though. Death was the only acceptable end for him, and she needed to be the one to deal it out.

Didn't she?

Something wet ran down her cheek. For one horrible second she thought she had started to cry, of all things, but then it dribbled off her chin and splattered on the ground, and she saw that it was blood. His blood, of course. Her hands left her forehead, and she glanced down at them. They were painted a bright scarlet, and for some incomprehensible reason — incomprehensible because she had long ago lost her squeamishness when it came to having blood on her hands, both literally and figuratively — the sight filled her with a debilitating kind of nausea.

His chest was all but closed now. Just a small slit remained, marking the spot where she had started opening him from. He kept his eyes trained on her face while she ran a finger over it to prevent the edges of the wound from meeting. She couldn't tell what he was thinking. She barely knew what she herself was thinking.

A poisonous fire burned inside her. It was old, familiar. She remembered it being lively and bright when she was young, but then she'd come to Earth and it had almost blinked out, consumed by her severing of ties with her kind and growth into the kind of person that she could be almost proud of. It was the fire of self-loathing, and she couldn't remember a time when she had felt it burn hotter. As well it should. In the past she had loathed herself because her body was imperfect, and that was something she didn't bear the blame of. Now she loathed herself because her mind was broken, perhaps beyond repair, and bad decisions kept spilling out of it, and it was all her fault. Her fault that she was weak enough to let them.

"Please," he said again, as if the third time would be the charm.

And, hating herself more than she had ever hated him, she stepped back.

