Author's note: Indeed hell hath frozen over.

Sorry for the long delay. I appreciate both your patience and the many comments and emails. Thank you!

To recap, our cast of characters:

Eliza Lockhart - governess, female main

William Grayson, the Earl of Rockdale - Eliza's employer and lover, male main

Caroline Stanley - Rockdale's cousin, daughter of Lord Pelham, angry with Rockdale for messing up her plans to marry Viscount Atherton

John Willoughby - Rockdale's secretary, fancies himself in love with Eliza and trying to save her from the cruel earl

Mrs. Biddleton - Rockdale's former housekeeper

George - Rockdale's former footman

Simpson - Rockdale's butler

Sally - A maid in Rockdale's household

Again, thanks to the ones who have been so encouraging and supportive. It's because of you that I'm posting when I might have given up.

It's not the greatest plot line or most well-written story, but I've learned a lot along the way. I certainly never intended to start and never finish, but life has a way of happening. 

And as always, I love your comments, votes, favs, and emails!

Much love,

Emmeline

*****

Chapter 17

Caroline Stanley sat cross-legged on the bed in her guest chamber and nibbled at a fingernail. Feeling ignored was a rather novel experience for her. She huffed out a breath that ruffled the limp curls falling out of her lackluster coiffure.

It appeared that she would even be forced to ring for a maid to come help her undress for the night as the dreadful woman had not apparently remembered or cared to come.

Upon opening her eyes this morning, she had expected to be promptly sent packing by Cousin William, most likely after receiving another scathing dressing-down for her rash trip to Verity Hall. Instead, except for the servants, no one had said a word to her the entire day. The entire day!

Admittedly, she had hidden away in her guest chamber for the majority of the time, uneager to return home and face the wrath of her father and mother. Boredom and loneliness had finally compelled her to stiffen her spine and creep downstairs for dinner in a borrowed evening dress, grudgingly provided by the beast of a maid.

Caroline had been utterly flummoxed to be the lone diner at the immense table, with the clink and tinkle of the silver and china the only conversation apart from the subtle murmurs from the servants. She forced herself to hold her head high though she had felt quite ridiculous, wondering if perhaps the staff snickered at her outside the door.

After dinner Caroline had drifted into the salon, feeling sure that Rockdale would appear any moment, effusive apologies spilling from his lips, eager to make amends for his boorish behavior the night before. Instead, she had sipped her tea in solitary silence, interrupted only by the tick of the mantle clock and the occasional hiss and crackle of the fireplace. At last, she had grown weary of sitting alone and retired to her room without a soul seeming to notice or care. 

Now, she brooded in her guest chamber and plucked broodingly at a loose thread at the sleeve of her borrowed gown. It felt odd to be wearing a frock of Cousin Williams's dead wife, even if the gown had surely been a lovely one in its time. It was sorely out of fashion now with puffed sleeves gigantic enough to hide a small child. 

And thinking of hidden children...perhaps Rockdale's absence had something to do with his young son, she mused. She had been immensely relieved to learn from a maid that the young lord had been located, although Caroline wished someone would explain where the boy had been found and why he had been gone.

Caroline sighed and idly wished she had been brazen enough to have sought out Mr. Willoughby. Her cheeks heated, remembering the shameful way she had asked, no demanded, the man to kiss her. She swallowed hard, lips parting as she recalled their breath mingling when his open mouth had moved over hers.

Mr. Willoughby wasn't a large man like Cousin William, but his arms had felt unexpectedly strong and muscled when they had encircled her. Her heart beat faster remembering how he had pushed her up against the wall and pulled her wrapper open, exposing her body.

She fanned her face with her hand. Good heavens! The encounter had not at all been the sweet experience she had thought to control. She would never forget the way John's heated, hooded eyes had traveled down her partially naked body. She shivered and her stomach clenched.

Perhaps she should not have been such a coward when he brashly had offered to demonstrate other ways of kissing, Caroline thought, dreamily tracing a finger over her bottom lip. She pursed her lips with a moue of regret, knowing she would likely never have another opportunity to find out. Her parents would be even more overbearing once she was sent back to London.

In the end, Caroline struggled out of the heavy dress on her own and gave it a heartfelt kick across the floor. A naughty thought crossed her mind, causing a giggle to erupt. Putting out the light, she climbed into bed unclothed, the bedcovers cool against her bare skin.

She shivered, imagining a man sharing the bed with her, climbing atop her as Lydia insisted they did. Somehow the faceless man morphed into John Willoughby's handsome face. 

Her hand glided over her breasts, then down across the expanse of her abdomen and stomach to the sensitive soft folds of her woman's mound. The more she remembered Mr. Willoughby's kiss, the more she curiously ached between her legs. Her old nanny had staunchly insisted no proper lady touched her private areas unless she was bathing, but Caroline reasoned Nanny had undoubtedly never been kissed breathless by an attractive man who had nearly torn open her wrapper...

Carolina's breath hitched as her fingertip slid inside and teased the sensitive flesh inside. She eased her thighs apart to better touch herself, delving deeper and feeling a strange slickness that eased the passage of her fingers when she glided them around and down.

She bit down on her lip remembering the very male look upon John's face when he had stared at her naked breasts...almost as though he had been fevered with passion... Fevered with passion for her, Caroline Stanley, the boring and proper daughter of Lord Pelham.

But she hadn't been proper last night, Caroline thought with a ragged laugh, moving her fingers faster as the tingling sensations intensified.

Wanton. That's what she had been. Something a lady should never be. Her hips arched up in a rhythm that her body seemed instinctively to know.

John had rebuked her afterward, but she had been the one to stop their passionate embrace, not him. Yes, he had chastised her with words but his eyes had been hungry for more, and even she, as an innocent, had seen that and understood it.

A low moan keened from her when the wave of pleasure crested and spilled over. Hand still lodged between her legs, she rolled to one side, gasping as little shocks of sensation rolled over and through her.

She smiled sleepily, deciding that wantons, even newly decided ones, had much more fun than proper ladies.

***

Simpson paced impatiently from one end of his bedchamber to the other. Confound that maid, Sally! She was supposed to have come to his room at the exact time he had specified. She knew he found lateness unacceptable.

"I refuse to go look for her," the butler muttered. Blast it all, this was the night he had finally decided to bed the red-haired maid right and proper. He fair itched with the need to see her unclothed and spread over his bed, every inch of her delectable body his to savor for an hour or two, not the stolen few minutes they normally had in the afternoons.

He grimaced. Perhaps the dratted girl had changed her mind. And who could blame her? She was younger than he, but damnation, she had seemed to enjoy his attentions well enough, especially when he parted those smooth, freckled thighs and feasted on her pale, pink center. His cock twitched, envisioning those red curls spread open for him.

A soft, rapid knock had him spinning around and dashing for the door. He forced himself to stop and straighten his dressing gown before easing the door open.

"You're late!" he hissed, his eagerness quickly overcoming his need to present a front of cool displeasure.

Sally started to speak, but he grabbed a firm hold of her arm and with a cursory glance up and down the hall, jerked her inside the room and shut the door. The girl panted as though she had been running, and her eyes were wild. 

Bloody hell! She must be having second thoughts about coupling with him. Simpson considered briefly of offering reassurance, but his feverish need and stiffening cock voted for haste.

"Lemuel," she gasped as he tugged on the tie to her wrapper. "I must tell you what—"

"Later," Simpson dismissed, pushing her protesting hands out of his way and spreading the garment open wide. She was gloriously nude beneath, just as he had instructed. "Good girl," he muttered and drowned out the rest of what she was attempting to say by covering her lips with his open mouth.

It was the first time he had kissed her this way, and he felt her go very still. He took advantage, deepening the kiss and simultaneously shoving the wrapper off her shoulders.

Moving quickly, he scooped Sally up and carried her a few steps over to his bed. Her small fists beat against his chest as he laid her down and finally released her mouth.

"Samuel, you must let me speak!" She grabbed hold of one of his ears for emphasis when he dipped to sample at her breasts.

"Ouch!" He scowled down at her. Damn the girl, but she was ruining his vision of how the night was supposed to unfold. "What is it then?" he growled.

Sally pushed him back and sat up, her gaze troubled. "I'm late because I nipped down to the kitchen to retrieve a plate of pastries Cook had left for me. I had thought we could..." She shook her head. "That doesn't matter. But when I was coming down the stairs I saw Mrs. Biddleton and George in the kitchen!"

Simpson stumbled back from the bed. "What! You should have told me immediately!"

"Well, I tried, didn't I?" she retorted, glaring at him. "The worst part is that George was carrying the governess over his shoulder, and she looked...as though she...as though...she was dead!"

"Oh, great Lord above!" Simpson stared at Sally in dawning horror. "Did they leave the house?"

"Yes, they took her and went out the kitchen door! I wanted to stop them, but I was too afraid!" Sally covered her face with her hands. "I ran straight here to tell you."

"All the doors were locked, I checked them myself!" Simpson protested. He blew out a hard breath and nodded. "Get your wrapper," he told her grimly. "We must tell his lordship immediately what you saw."

***

Rain poured in icy sheets. Several inches of mud sucked at his boots, trying to slow him down, but he forged onward, running, slipping, falling, and getting up again, over and over.

He could just see the carriage ahead in the darkness. Panic bloomed to frantic life in his chest; his heart pounded in a wild rhythm that threatened to burst from his chest.

Faster, he told himself, must go faster.

It seemed William could hear the mocking laughter of the lone carriage driver, a menacing figure hidden from view by a dark, hooded cloak that billowed out behind him. Frightened screams from Eliza and his children came from within the vehicle, intensifying as the vehicle hit a deep rut in the road and rocked back and forth.

Unseen hands seemed to repeatedly shove him down into the muck of the road as the fleeing carriage gained speed and distance from him.

"William, please hurry!" Eliza's plea carried to his ears, forcing him to his feet once more and stumbling onward.

"I'm coming!" he tried to call back, but his hoarse voice emerged as a croak.

"If you cared for anyone other than yourself, this would never have happened," a voice reproached him.

Rockdale jerked his head to the side, shocked to see his dead wife suddenly pacing along beside him, though looking none the worse for the wind, rain, and mud that seemed to flow around her. "Is—Isabelle?" he stuttered.

She sniffed and tossed her head, her features still radiantly beautiful as he remembered. 

"You were a terrible husband, and a horrible father." She pointed accusingly at him. "My children deserve better!"

"I know," he said, panting for breath. "I'm trying, Isabelle. God, help me, but I'm trying!"

"Papa!" Anna screamed from ahead. "Papa, we need you!"

Isabelle turned away, her face crumpling with tears. "You were my husband. You were supposed to keep me safe. You were supposed to make me happy."

"I tried, but I didn't know how!" he said, reaching out for her sleeve. The material vanished as he tried to grasp it, and he was alone in the mud once more.

Valiantly, he struggled on, though the carriage could barely be seen in the distance in front of him. He forced himself to move faster. He could still save them if he hurried.

To his horror, the carriage took the turn ahead too fast. It teetered and slammed to one side, the screams of both human and horse mixing together in a horrific blended cacophony.

William finally reached the wrecked carriage, sobs wracking violently from his throat. Blood, there was so much blood! It covered his hands, his clothing. He sank to his knees in the sludge, anguish and despair weighing him down.

He felt a presence towering over him and looked up to see the cloaked coachman, his face obscured in the shadow of the hood.

"I tried to stop you," Rockdale croaked brokenly. "Why wouldn't you stop? Please help me! Damn you!"

The coachman eased his hood back and smiled. William scrabbled backward in shock to see... his own face. This wasn't possible! He couldn't be the coachman!

"You're not worthy of them," the coachman Rockdale said with a sneer. "Your mother would be appalled to see the worthless, perverse creature you've become."

William awoke with a gasp, his body damp with sweat. He ran a hand over his face and rolled over, automatically reaching for Eliza, and frowned to discover an expanse of cool bedding. The effects of the vivid dream were still upon him, causing him to shudder and jerk at a loud banging noise.

"Eliza?" A quick glance around the darkened room revealed she was not in the room.

His sleep-befuddled brain finally deduced the banging was coming from the bedchamber door, and he rose, grabbing his pants from the floor to preserve a modicum of modesty. 

He yanked the door open with some irritation to see Simpson and the timid red-haired maid whose name he never recall. "Yes?" he barked.

Belatedly, he realized it was flouting propriety to be opening the door to his governess' bedchamber, even if the young woman was not within.

Simpson pushed the maid forward. "Tell him," the butler ordered.

The girl blanched and swallowed hard but lifted her chin. "M-my lord, so sorry to disturb you, but I need to tell you... that I saw Mrs. Biddleton and George going out the kitchen door tonight with—with—Miss Lockhart."

Rockdale stared at her blankly for a few moments. "I beg your pardon?" His brain refused to process what she was telling him. This couldn't be true. The maid must be addled in the head to spout such nonsense. Eliza had just been in his arms. It simply wasn't possible.

His hand snaked out to grab her arm. He shook her none too gently, causing the maid to squeal in dismay and Simpson to flinch. "Do not spout lies to me, girl," the earl growled. "Are you speaking the truth?"

Simpson frowned. "My lord, I hardly think—"

"Is it TRUE?" Rockdale demanded, voice rising in volume.

"Yes, my lord! Yes!" I wouldn't lie to you," she babbled. "It was the governess and that lout, George. I saw them with my own eyes! And they took her. I should have tried to stop them but I was too afraid!" Sally began to cry. "I'm sorry, my lord, I'm sorry!"

William released her arm. Fear and rage threatened to boil out of him thinking of that foul man putting his hands on Eliza. He held himself in check with a thread of control. "How long ago?" he grated out.

Sally sniffled and furrowed her brow. "I—I..."

"HOW LONG?" Rockdale roared.

"A quarter to a half an hour, my lord," she whispered. "N-n-not long."

Rockdale groaned and covered his face, realizing dimly he had lost his tenuous grip on his pants and was now standing naked in the hallway. He pinned the maid with a furious glare. "Was Miss Lockhart not fighting them?"

Sally bit her lip. "No, my lord, she... wasn't moving... at a-a-all. She just hung over his shoulder...limp."

A horrible anger rose up within him with claws that scratched violently to break free. Rockdale cursed vilely. "You," he pointed at Simpson. "Wake the footmen and the stable lads. Look for George and Biddleton or any sign of where they may have gone. And for all that is holy, HURRY!" he shouted, not caring he sounded like a raving lunatic.

Feverish in his haste, William threw his clothes back on. I will hunt him down and kill him for daring to touch what is mine, he vowed, choking as his throat closed in fear of what George might do to Eliza.

***

She was going to vomit.

Eliza groaned and opened her eyes slowly, head pounding and stomach roiling. Coughing weakly, she gagged from the rank taste of the cloth that had been pushed inside her mouth.

A sob rose up, and her nose began to run in the cold night air. Her arms were painfully bound in front of her and the inside of her bare thighs chaffed against the rough hair of the horse she was astride. A hard figure that could only be George, Rockdale's former footman, pressed against her from behind, one muscular arm holding the reins and the other fondling her breast.

Feeling the unmistakable press of his erection against her bottom, she began to struggle wildly, unsure of what she could do, bound and atop a horse, but she was unable to keep from trying.

George merely tightened his grip and nuzzled at her neck. "I love the feel of your arse wiggling in my lap," he murmured. "I can't wait until I get to stretch your little hole wide around my fat cock." He squeezed her breast roughly, causing her to groan and arch her back as he pinched her cold-hardened nipple between his thumb and forefinger. "It's going to feel so good when I get inside you, hen," he crooned. "Well, good for me anyway." 

His masculine and knowing chuckle made her even more nauseated than she already felt. The clopping gait of the horse jostled her painfully throbbing head and neck. She closed her eyes in despair. Oh, why had she left her bed tonight? Rockdale had been sleeping, and no one would know what terrible thing had happened.

"George! George! There is something wrong with my horse!" Eliza recognized the panicked voice as Mrs. Biddleton's, who must be riding behind them.

George paused in his exploration of Eliza's breasts. "There's nothing wrong, just keep going," he said irritably. "And keep your voice down."

"He's limping," Mrs. Biddleton hissed. "Slow down, I can't keep up!"

Cursing under his breath, George eased their mount to a halt and guided the horse around to face his aunt. 

Eliza saw the poor horse was indeed favoring one leg and barely moving forward. 

"I think you're going to have to dismount and lead the horse," George said, sighing. "Cousin Alfred is going to be mad enough as it is that I borrowed his horses without asking, so it's on your head that you've lamed the sorry beast."

"Walk?" she blustered. "Make the slut walk, and I will ride with you! Better yet, knock her over the head again and leave her behind. You should never have brought her along in the first place! That was never part of our agreement when I helped you escape from that bloody stable!"
"I'm finished listening to you, old woman," George said with a sneer.

"Oh, you've finished listening, have you?" Her laugh was short and mean. "The only thing you listen to is your cock, you ignorant fool. Look at how you've torn her clothes so the chit's titties are all but hanging out. You can't even keep your mind on our escape because you're only concerned with finding a good place to fuck her!"

Eliza felt her hair ruffle when George snorted. "I've thought enough to make sure the bag of things you filched from the earl are on my horse and not yours. Let's see who the idiot is now, Auntie."

He kicked the horse and wheeled them around, taking off at a much faster pace than before. Eliza gritted her teeth against the rocking gait, sure her head would fly off any moment.

"You double-crossing bastard!" Mrs. Biddleton screeched. Her curses continued to ring out from behind them but grew fainter as she and George galloped on down the dark road.

"Stupid bitch," he muttered, slowing the horse once more. "Now we're all alone," he said, his hand seeking her breast once more. "With any luck, no one will realize you are gone until the morning, and by then, we'll be long gone." He cackled. "Everyone will just think you up and left...after taking a load of his lordship's silver with you! Wretched chit, they'll whisper, she was both a whore and a thief."

Eliza jerked mightily in his grasp, slinging her head back in an attempt to slam into his own head. He grabbed a fistful of her hair, viciously twisting her around.

"You like things rough, hen?" he growled. "I do, too. You had better settle yourself down before I decide to cut a hole in you with my knife and leave you bleeding in the ditch after I've fucked my fill of you."

Eliza stilled, fearful George would do exactly as he threatened. Perhaps he would anyway after raping her, she thought bleakly. But she would endure what she had to, waiting for a moment he was distracted. Perhaps when he was engrossed with coupling, she could steal his knife. The thought of his loathsome body covering hers made her want to vomit anew. He would certainly make her pay for escaping him last time; of this, she had no doubt.

She squeezed her eyes as fear and desperation threatened to overwhelm her.

After some time had passed while she sniffled in misery, Eliza dimly realized that George had stopped groping at her and his breaths had turned to shallow pants.

He belched and hissed, muttering under his breath. "I shouldn't have eaten that meat pie she gave me earlier, knew the damn thing tasted off. Old hag probably tried to poison me."

Eliza tensed as he burped again, slowing the horse and rubbing his belly.

He kicked the horse into a trot once more, only to suddenly jerk hard on the horse's reins, cursing foully. Their mount had not even fully stopped when George groaned and shoved Eliza hard as he lurched off the horse.

Eliza cried out, her bound hands hampering her attempt to grab at the pommel to keep from sliding off. Despite her frantic efforts, George's hurried dismount launched her off the horse with him and she landed face down into the muck of the road, jarring her entire body at the painful impact. Stunned for a moment, she moaned and lifted her head, spitting out mud. The sounds of retching came from nearby and she could see George's kneeling form a few feet away.

Wincing, she rolled to her side, testing for anything that felt broken. She gingerly sat up and held her bound hands over her abdomen protectively. Her head throbbed viciously, and her ears rang with a dull clamor. The dark landscape around her seemed to tilt drunkenly and blur out of focus.

Do not faint, she ordered herself. You will not faint.  Gritting her teeth against the sound of George's continued bouts of vomiting and moans, she struggled not to retch herself from the pain in her head and body.

Unsteadily she staggered to her feet and swayed, trying to draw her scattered wits together.

"Don't move an inch, you bitch," George panted. "I'll kill you, don't think I won't."

His ugly warning was somewhat lessened when George clutched at his midsection and heaved again into the roadside bushes.

Bringing her bound hands to her mouth, she pulled the rag from her mouth and feverishly began to tear at the cloth wound around her wrists with her teeth. "Serves you right, you despicable pile of shit," she muttered. 

A wave of dizziness came over her as the cloth came free and she stumbled back and nearly fell once more as her foot caught on a fallen piece of a tree branch. Eliza felt a strange detachment from her body, almost as if she were watching from a distance when some instinct told her to grab the fallen branch. It was about as long as her arm and nearly as thick, unevenly forked at one end.

Holding the heavy branch in both hands, she made her way over the uneven ground to where George knelt hunched over, shivering.

"Get me the flask of water from the horse," he gasped, wiping at his mouth.

He growled when she didn't move, bowing his head and pressing a hand to his stomach. "Now, you stupid, useless cunt!"

Eliza nodded, hefted the branch high and brought it down as hard as she could against the back of George's head with a gruesome thud. He crumpled with a wheeze face first into what she could only hope was his own vomit. 

She reeled backward, a horrified sickness filling her as she considered whether or not she may have killed the man. Her thin-soled slippers gave her no traction in the muddy sludge, and she tumbled down once more, this time striking her side with a sharp rock.

Her breaths came rapid and shallow, and her heart beat so fast it threatened to pound right through her ribcage. Black dots danced in front of her eyes.

"Get up!" she told herself fiercely. 

A moan and rustling from George's direction gave her the push to get to her feet once more. Teeth violently chattering, she turned back for the horse, only to see he had drifted further down the road to nibble at some low-hanging trees.

"Bloody horse," she said, limping to it as quickly as she could, fearful still George would somehow leap to his feet and attack her with his knife.

Hissing in pain, she forced her battered body up on the horse. She pressed her cheek against the rough coat of his neck as the horse snuffled and sidestepped. "Thank you for not running away," she whispered wretchedly. "Please take me away from here."

She turned the horse back into the way they had traveled, knowing she could not remember the way they had come, but putting distance between her and George was her only driving thought. Hoping the horse had a better sense of direction than she did, Eliza let it lead as they trotted into the inky darkness.

Unexpected cramps rippled across her lower abdomen causing her to gasp in pain. She splayed a hand across her stomach in dismay. "No, please, no," she pleaded as choked sobs rose up in her throat.

***

Rockdale impatiently rode behind Robbie, his head groom. Robbie had noticed fresh horse tracks leading off the main road to the estate, but following them was difficult with the incessant light rain.

"Dammit, Robbie, can we not go faster, man?" Rockdale demanded, impatient at their lack of progress.

Robbie held his lantern higher aloft and frowned. "I was told George has cousins who live north of the village. This is probably the right direction, but we don't want to miss something in the dark, my lord."

Rockdale ground his teeth in frustration, knowing his groom was right.

Robbie reined up suddenly, and Rockdale did likewise, not seeing the lone figure to the side of the road until they were almost upon her. The sizable figure dropped the reins of the limping horse she was leading and dashed into the woods along the road.

"That was Biddleton," Rockdale roared. "Get her, Robbie, I'm going to keep going!"

William kicked his horse and raced down the road, knowing it was unwise on such a muddy lane in the dark, but he could not make himself slow down. Not seeing anything, he cursed and prepared to turn back to rejoin Robbie when something up ahead made him pause and slow his horse.

Seeing a blur of something pale, he urged his horse back into a gallop.

"Eliza!" he cried. "Oh, dear God!"

Once he got close enough, he leapt from his mount and ran to her side, plucking the reins from her icy hands. She was slumped in the saddle, her eyes dull and unfocused.

"William?" she whispered.

"Yes, darling, it's me. Are you hurt badly?"

Red streaked over her face and down over her torn nightgown. She appeared to be covered in both blood and muck and trembling with shivers.

He ripped his coat off and quickly wrapped it around her. "Damn that man," he muttered. He wanted to scream in frustration of not knowing where Eliza was injured and how badly.

"Dove, where are you hurt—" Approaching hoof beats interrupted his question as more of his stable lads reined up around them, and Robbie slid off his horse.

"Shit," Robbie muttered. "What did the bastard do to her?" He shook his head grimly before continuing. "A few of the lads are going to take Biddleton to be locked up in the stables until you decide what to do with her."

"Eliza is hurt," Rockdale rasped. "I've got to get her to the house somehow without hurting her more."

"Get on your horse, and I'll hand her up to you," Robbie said.

Rockdale mounted quickly and cradled Eliza in his arms as gently as he could manage atop his horse.

"Go to the village," he instructed Robbie. "Fetch the doctor. Hurry!"

*****

Chapter 18

John Willoughby jerked awake and almost jolted himself out of his chair into the floor. He winced at the pain in his neck, realizing he must have dozed off at his desk in Rockdale's study. It was his intention to inform Lord Rockdale first thing in the morning about his decision to resign as the earl's secretary, and he had been determined to finish up all of his uncompleted work. 

Dear God. Was he truly planning to move to London and train to be a solicitor? He scrubbed at his face with his hands with a gusty sigh, thinking grumpily of Eliza Lockhart and his botched marriage proposal.

"Idiot," he breathed in self-derision. No small wonder the lovely governess had rejected his idea to marry and travel with him to London. He should have said... Ah well, he thought ruefully. Perhaps some things were just simply not to be.

A man's voice called out loudly, and John blinked out of his reverie. Had that been the earl? John shoved himself stiffly to his feet as the commotion grew louder and a noise that sounded like the front door slamming. What on earth could be going on? By the stub of his guttering candle, it must be well into the night.

John stepped out into the hallway, peering around. He turned at the sound of soft footsteps, and his stomach twisted upon spying the slim figure of Caroline Stanley approaching him. Giving himself a mental kick in the arse, he forced himself to bow slightly and remember his manners. "Miss Stanley."

"John!" she said, giving him a tremulous smile that he in no way deserved in light of his actions the previous night. "What's going on? Is that Cousin William I hear shouting downstairs?"

He frowned. "I think it is. I had better see what is amiss. Perhaps you should return to your room."

Caroline, however, was already headed for the stairway before he even finished speaking. He rubbed his forehead and hurried after her.

"Why is no one listening to me?" Rockdale was roaring as John and Caroline quickly descended the stairs.

John's heart plummeted when he took in the scene before him. The earl held a pale and lifeless Eliza in his arms. Her face and garments were dirty and streaked with blood.

Servants were trickling into the foyer in various states of dress. Whispers and murmurs swirled like tendrils of smoke around the room.

"My lord!" John exclaimed. "What in heaven has happened to Miss Lockhart?" 

John reached out a hand to touch Eliza's arm, and Rockdale stepped away and bared his teeth at him, turning to face his cousin.

"Caro, help me. I don't know what to do," the earl whispered brokenly. "She's hurt. The doctor is supposed to be coming, but God only knows how long that will take."

To John's surprise, Caroline nodded immediately and stepped forward. "You," she said, pointing at a maid yawning near the door. "Go with his lordship upstairs and help him get Miss Lockhart into her bed."

Rockdale strode away up the stairs, and Caroline looked around, frowning. "Where is Simpson or that housekeeper Biddleton?" she asked finally in exasperation.

"The housekeeper was sent packing this afternoon," John murmured, watching numbly as Rockdale disappeared with Eliza.

A footman stepped forward, tugging his forelock. "Begging your pardon, miss, but the butler went to see about a commotion in the stables."

Caroline huffed. "All right, then, gather 'round, please," she ordered crisply.

John blinked as the servants obediently shuffled near. It seemed inconceivable that the young lady standing before them was the same bedraggled and whining girl sobbing in this same foyer only the night before.

"Which of you female staff has served at Verity Hall the longest?" Caroline queried.

A tall, angular woman in the back raised her hand. "My name is Lottie Bess, and I suppose that would be myself, miss. I've worked all about this house for near twenty-five years. I'm head of the laundry now," she finished proudly.

"Excellent," Caroline said. "You are now acting housekeeper until Lord Rockdale says otherwise. I need you to see about getting Miss Lockhart cleaned up and into fresh clothing. Also, arrange for some tea and a supper tray for Lord Rockdale in case he should have need of it."

"Yes, Miss," Lottie said with an astonished expression. She gestured to a pair of sleepy-eyed maids in the corner. "Well, come on then, don't stand there with yer teeth in your mouth. One of you get to the kitchen and one of you follow me upstairs."

Caroline nodded briskly and gestured at Oliver, one of the footmen.

"You wait by the door and look for the physician to arrive. Take him straight upstairs when he does."

"I wonder what on earth has happened to poor Miss Lockhart," she murmured to John, her expression troubled.

John felt deeply distressed as well and no idea of what to do with himself to help.

"You don't think..." Caroline started softly then faltered.

Unconsciously he drifted closer to her side. "What?" he prompted.

She turned to face him. "You don't suppose that Cousin William has...hurt Miss Lockhart, do you?"

They both paused, gazing uncertainly into one another's eyes.

"No," he answered. But didn't the brute rape her, a voice in the back of his brain reminded him. He kept this to himself, and she seemed reassured by his answer.

"No," she repeated. "Of course, he wouldn't hurt her."

***

Rockdale fought the urge to once again start shouting like a lunatic. "I am not leaving this room," he growled.

His young cousin glared back at him. "Yes, you are, William. It is not at all proper for you to be in Miss Lockhart's bedchamber."

He shoved a finger in her direction. "You can take bloody proper and shove it in your—"

"Stop it," Caroline hissed. "You're already causing talk amongst the staff. Go away at least until the maids get her bathed and—"

"My lord? The village doctor is here," a footman announced.

"About bloody time!" Rockdale spat, scowling at the white-haired and stooped-over man entering with a bag in hand.

The physician glanced at the bed where Eliza lay pale and still. "I hope this is serious enough to warrant dragging me from my bed for a servant," he grumbled.

Rockdale felt his hands draw up into fists, and Caroline must have noticed because she took his arm and dragged him toward the door.

"Leave her for now," his cousin implored.

She looked over to where John Willoughby hovered near the doorway. "Get the earl out of here," she ordered.

Rockdale allowed himself to be reluctantly escorted out of the room. He paced down the hallway several feet before stopping abruptly. He whirled around and viciously punched the wall.

"Damn it all!" he cursed, his chest heaving and puffing like a bellows. He punched again and again, not feeling the skin of his knuckles tear and begin bleeding.

"My lord!" Mr. Willoughby said in alarm. "You must calm—"

"I'm going to kill that bastard, rip his bloody hands and his cock right off his body."

"Let us go downstairs to your study, and I'll pour you some brandy. I'm sure the doctor will come speak to you when he's finished. You need to get your nerves settled so you can think clearly. You'll be no help to Miss Lockhart in any capacity if you're raving like a madman."

Rockdale raised his head to glare murderously at his secretary. The other man blanched a bit but stood his ground before him.

Without answering, the earl wiped his bloody hand on his trousers and stalked away. How could Eliza been whisked away right from his side? he wondered bleakly. None of this made a damn bit of sense.

Reaching his study, he poured himself a glass of brandy with trembling hands. Had George hurt her, raped her? He downed the liquor and dropped the glass onto the floor. Eliza had been hurt and barely conscious, frustrating his attempts to figure out exactly how she had escaped from his former footman.

A cold fury flowed through him all the more infuriating because he felt helpless and guilty. The events of the night mixed uneasily with the remnants of his earlier nightmare.

He covered his face with his hands. Feelings he had no name for churned inside his brain. Resolutely, he picked the emotion he knew how to wield and brought it to the forefront. He focused on his anger, pushing the rest aside in a furious jumble.

Rockdale was going to murder that fucking arsehole. Grabbing the brandy decanter, he drank deeply until his head stopped buzzing, and the anger condensed into a cold, hard knot in the pit of his stomach.

***

Eliza came awake slowly and winced. Everything hurt. Her eyes slowly opened to find the steady gaze of Rockdale's cousin Caroline upon her.

"Miss Lockhart. Thank goodness you're awake. How are you feeling?"

Taking a moment to consider her answer, Eliza realized she had been somehow bathed and put into clean clothing. The nightmare of being abducted by George and Mrs. Biddleton seemed unreal now...almost as though it had been only a horrible dream.

"I feel like I've been trampled by a hundred stampeding horses, but I seem to be intact," she finally replied, rubbing a large knot on the side of her head. "Ouch."

"Yes, you must have taken quite a hard knock to your head," Miss Stanley said. "The doctor examined you and left some time ago, but you never awakened."

Eliza sat up slightly, grimacing at the pain in her head. Miss Stanley helpfully adjusted her pillows.

Why on earth was the daughter of a viscount waiting upon her? Eliza wondered, feeling ill at ease, her thoughts muddled with weary pain. "Thank you for your kindness, Miss Stanley," she murmured aloud.

"Of course," the earl's cousin answered briskly. "Rockdale was clearly overwrought over your injuries. I forbade him to come inside and wake you, but I'm sure he will return shortly."

Eliza shifted, her hands absently stroking over her still flat abdomen, uncomfortable under the other girl's obviously curious regard.

"John said," Caroline continued, then paused. "That is to say, Mr. Willoughby, informed me that the former housekeeper and her nephew are responsible for harming you. How utterly horrible." Her brow furrowed. "Do you wish for a drink of water? I can send for some tea if you prefer?"

"Miss Stanley, may I ask you a rather vulgar question?" Eliza asked abruptly, forcing herself to look directly at the young woman at her bedside.
"Oh, well, yes, you may." Caroline tilted her head, looking puzzled and vaguely wary.

Taking a fortifying breath, Eliza blurted, "Do you know if I was bleeding between my legs?"

The earl's cousin furrowed her brow. "Do you mean that you are experiencing your monthly flow?"

Eliza sighed in frustration. "No, not that."

Caroline sat up straighter. "You, poor darling. Did that footman...did he...force himself..."

"Thankfully, he did not," Eliza answered softly and glanced away before meeting Miss Stanley's eyes once more. 

Caroline's gaze fell down to where Eliza's hands were crossed protectively over her stomach, and her eyes widened. "There was no bleeding there, only from your collection of cuts and gashes," she said gravely then frowned uncertainly. "Shall I send for the doctor to return?"

Eliza shook her head. "It is early days yet. My knowledge is limited but I do not think there is much to be done. I did feel some pain earlier, but not now, so I hope..."

The door opened and Rockdale was there in the room, filling it with his large presence. His expression was both dark and cold; he seemed almost a stranger looming over her. She struggled not to shrink back from his intense regard.

"Leave us," he said brusquely to his cousin.

"William, don't be daft..." Caroline hissed.

"Get. Out. Now," he growled in a low tone. "Thank you for helping me tonight, Caro. I will not forget it. But I must speak with Miss Lockhart alone now."

"Do not upset her," Caroline warned, getting to her feet. With one last uneasy glance back at Eliza, she left the room and closed the door behind herself.

Rockdale collapsed into the chair his cousin had vacated. He ran his hands through his already rumpled hair and took a shaky breath. "The doctor tells me you are generally unharmed apart for several bruises, cuts, and a quite large knot on your temple." He gestured toward her, his face contorted. "We were just in this bed together, Eliza. How did you end up being taken by that man? I need you to explain to me what the hell happened tonight because I simply cannot wrap my mind around it."

Eliza let her head fall back on the pillow, willing the tears to stay at bay. He seemed so angry; couldn't he see that none of this was her doing? She wanted desperately to close her eyes and simply find an escape from this turmoil. If only he would hold her in his arms and comfort her... instead of interrogating her like she was some errant servant. But really, she thought wretchedly, wasn't that all she was? His servant who was special only in that she spread her legs for the lord of the house.

"I was hungry," she whispered at last, avoiding his glowering stare. "I went downstairs and accidentally interrupted George and Mrs. Biddleton stealing your silver. He—he hit me and took me along with them as they fled." Her eyes squeezed closed as she recounted the rest of the night's tale in a wooden voice.

"T-thank you for coming after me," she concluded, a tear escaping to trickle down her cheek.

A muscle ticked in his jaw. "I'm going to find him, make no mistake. That bastard is going to regret the day that his father even thought to stick his cock into the bitch's cunt that conceived him."

Eliza flinched at his crude words and bowed her head.

"Isabelle's parents are in Sussex, and they have been begging me for an age to have some time with the children. I've decided in the morning that I will send Nicholas and Anna away for at a fortnight or two. I will not chance having them here if the house is not secure from unwanted intrusions."

Her mind reeling, Eliza nodded dumbly.

"You will return in the morning to London to stay in the house with Mr. and Mrs. Crawley until I say otherwise."

"I beg your pardon?" She blinked at him in disbelief.

"It is not safe here, Eliza," he said, his tone flat. "I will not rest until George has been apprehended, and I have decided this is the best course of action."

"The best course of action..." she parroted and shook her head. "But I would rather stay..."

He leaned forward and glared at her. "Listen to me well, Eliza. I will not argue with you or indulge your foolish whims as I have in past. You will go to London in the morning if I have to tie you hand and foot and load in the carriage myself. Do you understand me?"

Numb, she nodded, even though she wanted to shout and rail at him for his boorish behavior. Another tear rolled down her cheek, and she angrily brushed it away. Turning her head away, she closed her eyes and ignored him, ready for Rockdale to just leave her alone.

"I hope it goes without saying that you shall not step even a foot outside the house without Mr. Crawley."

With that gruff pronouncement, he simply rose and left.

There comes a point when even a strong-willed female reaches her limit of endurance. Eliza let the tears finally overtake her, and she sobbed into her pillow until a gentle hand brushed over her hair.

"Shhh," Miss Stanley said gently. "He is upset and acting like a giant arse. Idiot man."

The kind tone only made her cry harder. She snuffled in misery as a cool cloth wiped over her face.

"There now, everything will be all right. Sit up and let me pour you some of this tea I brought with me."

Eliza opened her eyes to see not only Caroline by her bedside but also John Willoughby. Tears welled anew at the concerned look etched on his handsome face.

Without a word, he perched on the side of her bed and drew Eliza into his arms, rocking her gently as she cried the last of her tears. Even in her miserable state, Eliza was aware Caroline had gone very still and stiff at John's unexpected embrace. Knowing the other girl was undoubtedly appalled at this inappropriate behavior, Eliza tried to pull back, but John held her firmly.

"Please, Eliza, won't you reconsider my offer?" he murmured. "It pains me to see you treated so coarsely. You deserve so much more. So much better. I would make it my life's work for you to never shed another tear in heartache."

Caroline's breath audibly hitched, and she turned away from them to face a tea tray.

Despising her own weakness, Eliza laid her head on his comforting shoulder. "I-I will consider it," she whispered back brokenly.

He brushed her hair back from her cheeks and slowly released her from his arms. "Excellent," he said with a small smile. "I will not press you, my dear, so take your time."

Eliza nodded and allowed Miss Stanley to place a warm cup of tea into her hands. She glanced up, aware of some strange undercurrent between Caroline and John, who were carefully not looking at one another.

After a few sips, Eliza set the cup on the table nearby and slid down once more into the bed covers. "Thank you both for your kindness. I appreciate it so very much. But I am so tired. I think I will go right off the sleep now." She closed her eyes, ready to be alone in her self-pity.

Once they finally left, Eliza painfully forced herself to climb out from the bed and sit at the small writing desk beside the window. Taking out pen, ink, and paper, she took a deep breath and began to write.

***

As the two of them exited Eliza's room, John found himself staring at Caroline. She turned back to find him watching.

She lifted her chin and walked closer to him. "Why are you looking at me that way?"

John cleared his throat. "You handled things very well tonight, Miss Stanley."

A hint of rosy color tinted her cheeks, though her gaze toward him was disturbing direct.

John uncomfortably remembered his disheveled and coatless state of appearance. He lifted a hand to smooth over his hair but forced it back to his side. Miss Stanley was suddenly much too close for his peace of mind as she answered softly, "Thank you, Mr. Willoughby. You are very kind."

She glanced down at the floor for a moment before speaking again. "I could not help but overhear your conversation with Miss Lockhart. 

He fought the flush of red that wanted to creep into his cheeks. "Yes, well, nothing has been decided for sure between us."

"I see," she murmured. Her teeth nibbled at her plump bottom lip, and he tried to steer his errant thoughts away from their highly inappropriate interlude from the night before. "One would think you had been a lady of the house for years," he forced himself to say in hopes of changing the subject.

Her small smile seemed to bloom across her face with a secretive glimmer that caused him to falter as she shifted another step closer.

"With a good teacher, I'm a quick study at all sorts of things," she answered gravely.

His heart thumped hard when her eyes drifted down to his mouth.

"I bid you a good night. What there is left of it," Caroline said and took her leave of him, leaving John wondering if he had imagined the devilish glint in her eye.

***

The morning brought a flurry of activity as an excited Nicholas and nervous Anna departed to visit their rarely seen grandparents in Sussex, while Eliza was to travel with Miss Stanley and John Willoughby to London.

Mr. Willoughby apparently had left his position as Rockdale's secretary and offered himself as escort to both ladies. Though they would travel in Lord Pelham's carriage that Caroline had arrived in, she had assured Rockdale her father would not mind for Mr. Willoughby to escort Eliza to her destination at the small townhouse before returning the carriage.

Eliza knew John hoped she would decide to stay with him instead. He had pulled her aside at breakfast to say he would do his best to arrange a special license so that they could marry immediately.

Merely the thought of it had her running to lose her breakfast. She couldn't marry John carrying another man's child, she simply couldn't. Could she? Would he know? Of course, he would. Would he care? That she couldn't say, but she had an inkling he would marry her anyway.

Tearfully, she had knelt and embraced Nicholas and Anna, knowing her time with them had come to an end.

"Why aren't you coming with us?" Nicholas said, his expression troubled when she finally rose to her feet.

"You won't need lessons at your grandparents," she replied lightly and tugged on the brim of his hat.

"But, you'll be here when we return, right, Miss Lockhart?" Anna asked.

Both children pinned her with a look that begged for reassurance.

Thankfully, Nanny Goodson saved her from an awkward reply when she descended to herd her charges toward the waiting carriage.

Sore and wretched in mind, body, and spirit, Eliza stood by as her belongings were stowed away. Firming her resolve, she turned toward the vehicle that would carry her away from Verity Hall. She swore she could feel Rockdale's burning gaze on her back.

The bloody, hateful man had not even bid her goodbye. Lifting her chin, she climbed the steps of the carriage, determined to not look back. The carriage jolted forward into motion, and Eliza knew she would not return to this place ever again.

***

As the carriage traveled onward, Eliza stared sightlessly out the window at the overcast sky, while Caroline did much the same. Rockdale's cousin seemed as lost in troubled thought as Eliza felt herself to be. Mr. Willoughby rode outside with the Lord Pelham's carriage driver.

"You must think the worst of me for considering Mr. Willoughby's offer," Eliza said suddenly.

Caroline's head swiveled around, and her eyes narrowed a fraction. "It truly is none of my affair, Miss Lockhart. But, I can understand why you would consider it. I only ask you to carefully ask yourself what it is you desire. I believe Mr. Willoughby would be...he could be hurt if you lead him to believe you will choose him over becoming Lord Rockdale's mistress while you are..." Her lips pursed slightly. "Enceinte with my cousin's child. He deserves better than that, don't you think?"

Eliza blinked once, then twice. "Yes, I believe John does deserve better than that," she answered mildly. "Which is why..." She reached into her reticule and extracted two envelopes. "I request that you would give the letter marked to Mr. Willoughby to him and send the other back to Verity Hall for Lord Rockdale."

It was Caroline's turn to blink. "I don't understand."

"I am choosing neither of them, Miss Stanley. I intend to return home to Lancashire to be with my family. I know John's sense of honor would never allow me to leave alone, but that is exactly what I intend to do. I am going to slip away once we near London." 

Rockdale had thankfully given her back the money he had taken from her, though Eliza knew it would require every coin she had to return home. It would be worth it to get away and lick her wounds. She wasn't altogether sure she was thinking clearly, but the urge to flee wouldn't be ignored.

"I do beg a favor of you, Miss Stanley," Eliza ventured. "When we stop to change the horses for the last time, do you think you can distract John at the carriage long enough for me to get away?"

Caroline nodded thoughtfully. "Yes, I'm sure I will think of something."

***

In the end, Caroline mused, the weather aided Miss Lockhart's escape. The rain began to pour down in incessant sheets. The driver halted the carriage long enough for Mr. Willoughby to climb inside.

Looking slightly embarrassed, John dried himself with the carriage's lap blankets, though little could be done for his sopping coat.

"Just slip your coat off and lay it over the seat beside me," Caroline chided him. "The world will not come to an end because you removed your jacket."

He scowled at her, not shifting an inch, and she smiled sweetly in return, inexplicably annoyed that he had chosen to sit on Miss Lockhart's side of the vehicle instead of with her.

They traveled in silence until the carriage at last slowed and rolled to a halt at their last stop before London. Mr. Willoughby hopped back out presumably to aid their lone driver with the horses.

Eliza nodded at Caroline and reached out to lightly touch her gloved hand. "Thank you," the governess murmured, her eyes shining bright with what looked to be unshed tears.

"Be safe," Caroline whispered. "Perhaps you should wait..." she trailed off uncertainly when Eliza shook her head vehemently.

"I really must go now. Thank you and goodbye, Miss Stanley."

Caroline was still staring pensively at the carriage door when it reopened half an hour later to admit Mr. Willoughby. He shook himself, reaching again for the pile of blankets and grimaced. 

"Not fit for man or beast out there," he said. Looking around the carriage he asked slowly, "Where on earth is Miss Lockhart? Is she still inside?"

Without answering, Caroline opened the carriage door far enough to rap smartly on the roof with the handle of her parasol. The carriage immediately jerked into motion.

Mr. Willoughby's mouth fell open almost comically. "What the hell are you doing? Eliza is still inside!"

"She isn't going to marry you," she informed him with the slightest hint of smug satisfaction. "She told me so."

John paused, his hand on the carriage door. "Regardless of the fact, I will not leave her here."

"Miss Lockhart has already gone. She had another carriage already waiting to take her elsewhere," Caroline lied without flinching. "I saw her leave with my own eyes."

"That's— You're—" John stumbled and stuttered in obvious shock.

"She left a letter for you," Caroline added with a sniff, tossing it over into his lap.

He ripped the envelope open and read the letter quickly. It crumpled in his fist as he turned toward the water-beaded window.

"Why did you kiss me like that if you had already offered for her hand?" Caroline demanded, anger suddenly raising its ugly head inside her.

"I kissed you because you asked me to," he reminded her tightly. "And apparently because I'm a damn fool."

She hissed in a breath. "You kissed me like you meant it! With passion! Not like you had feelings for another woman!"

Caroline bit her lip as his head swiveled around, and he pinned her with an unpleasant look. She hadn't really meant to blurt all that out to him.

"You know nothing of feelings," John growled. "You're only a young, silly girl with a fat dowry playing at kissing men while you should be acting like a proper, dignified lady!"

"You shouldn't be ripping my night clothes open to ogle my naked breasts if you wanted to marry HER!"

"When breasts are freely offered, men look!" he shouted back. "And what does it matter, you want to marry that stupid idiot, Lord Whatshisname!"

She hopped over to the seat beside him so she could poke him hard in the chest with her parasol, still clutched in her hand. "It does matter because when you kiss a girl with passion, you should mean it!"

"I did mean it, you maddening creature!"

And before she could suck in another breath to rant at him in reply, his mouth was on hers, hot and open-mouthed. Steam or something like it immediately fogged her brain as his tongue pushed between her lips, boldly invading.

An intelligible moan slipped from one of them when his hand slid down the small of her back and jerked her closer. His other hand untied the strings of her bonnet and shoved it off her head.

"Goddamn it," he muttered finally against her mouth.

"You started it this time," she whispered with asperity.

"Shut up," he growled and began kissing her again then abruptly pulled away. "We cannot do this."

Caroline swallowed hard. "May I tell you something?"

His eyes never left hers as he finally jerkily nodded.

"I wish that I hadn't stopped you last night when you touched my breast," she murmured, raising her hands to untie and push off her pelisse before moving to the small buttons of her bodice.

Slowly, her fingers released the first two buttons, and his gaze snapped down to the patch of skin she had revealed.

"No," John said, through what sounded like gritted teeth. "I shouldn't have done that, and you—"

She opened more buttons until her bodice gaped open.

He glared at her chest. "You button that back up!"

Caroline tugged her gloves off without responding. He flinched when she reached out and tugged his gloves off as well, one at a time.

"I want you to touch me, John," she pleaded in a low voice and raised the hand she still clasped to her bosom.

His intense regard lifted to her eyes then back down to her chest.

"Goddammit," he muttered again, this time with resignation.

His hand slid inside her opened bodice and into her corset. She made a small sound as the heat of his palm glided over the curve of her breast, exploring its shape.

Her gasp when his thumb grazed over her hardened nipple seemed to push him over some inward barrier. John shoved her bodice the rest of the way open with both hands and tugged down her corset until her breasts were fully exposed.

And then, he leaned close. So close, she could feel the warmth of his breath on her skin. Her lungs forgot how to breathe properly when he pressed his open mouth in the valley of her breasts. His tongue made a lazy trail around one plump swell and ended at her peaked nipple.

Her eyes rolled back at the sound he made when his lips closed over one aching tip. Her back arched, her hand knocking his hat to the carriage floor, sliding into his hair as he suckled at her breast.

She glanced down and found herself riveted by the sight of her glistening nipple popping out of his mouth before he transferred his attention to her other breast. His tongue made slow circles, licking around her nipple before sucking it between his lips. 

His mouth worked magic as he alternately kissed her mouth, her neck, and her breasts.

"John," she panted. "Please." 

"Poor darling," he whispered into her ear. "What is it you want, hmm?"

Before she could even formulate a reply with his lips nibbling at her earlobe, his hand was under her skirts, sliding up her stocking-covered leg.
His palm was suddenly there. Right where she ached. Caroline was torn between feeling like she should insist that he stop or force him to continue.

His clever thumb traced the seam of her folds through the material of her drawers. She trembled, expecting him to pause but he did not. His fingers were suddenly brushing the curls of her sex, and one large finger breached her folds.

She jerked and squeaked as he shifted their position so that her back lowered and her thighs opened slightly.

"Oh," she breathed when he boldly glided his fingers over her intimate slick flesh. "It feels much better when it's your fingers instead of my own."

She might have heard him make a choking noise before he abruptly shifted off the seat until he was kneeling on the carriage floor before her. Her skirts were unceremoniously thrown up, and Caroline found herself gasping in shock when John placed his mouth right there between her legs.

Dear heavens! Was that his tongue? Her hips arched up off the seat when he wrapped his fingers around her upper thighs and held her in place while he licked and feasted.

Her eyes rolled back in her head as his tongue relentlessly flicked and encircled her sensitive flesh.

"You like this?" he gruffly asked, his voice rough, his ministrations pausing.

"Yes, it is divine! John, please don't stop now!"

Her hips bucked against his mouth in a demanding rhythm she undoubtedly would feel mortified over later. Much later. She could only hope the rain drowned out the noises she attempted to stifle when his clever tongue sent her clear over the edge into blissful oblivion.

She was still struggling to remember how to breathe when he smoothed her skirts back down and helped her back to sitting. Her cheek seemed to nestle just perfectly into the hollow between his chest and shoulder as he drew her close and stroked her back until her heart slowed from a stampeding gallop to a more normal beat.

He released her, and sudden embarrassment and shame thickened her tongue and kept her eyes averted while she tugged and buttoned her bodice back into place.

"I'm sorry, Caro."

His low voice caused her to flinch. She opened her mouth and closed it again.

"Truly, I..." He started.

"No," she interrupted. "No need to apologize." Waving a hand in what was meant to be an airy fashion, she swallowed hard. "It was... rather nice. Thank you."

He cleared his throat.

She peeked over at him, and his eyes were slightly narrowed and his head cocked to one side.

"Did you say it was rather nice?" He queried in an odd tone.

"Yes," she said primly. "A bit."

John looked as though he had more to say, but to Caroline's relief, the carriage was slowing as they approached London. 

She told herself it was for the best when John exited the slow-moving carriage and rejoined the driver outside the vehicle without another word to her. He likely thought her the worst of slatterns for lifting her skirts for him.

Blushing, she shivered, still feeling the pulse between her thighs. Thankfully, she would never have to see him again. And if this thought made her sad, she determined to not think of it. She would put John Willoughby firmly out of her mind. Most firmly.

Her thoughts turned uneasily to Cousin William and Miss Lockhart. Had it been the right thing to just let the governess leave alone? Caroline shook her head, thinking of Rockdale's reaction when he received the letter from Eliza. She shuddered, glad she could send the note by post and not have to deliver it hand.

And why was her cousin so overwrought over a governess anyway? The Earl of Rockdale could have his pick of any eligible female in England. But, she couldn't help but wonder what he would do if he knew Eliza carried his unborn child...

Carolina put her bonnet back on and smoothed down her clothing. It was none of her affair, she told herself as the carriage arrived at her family's townhouse.

She alighted the vehicle with the assistance of the coachman, and unable to stop herself, she turned to say a last goodbye to Mr. Willoughby.

The young coachman's face was red as he cleared his throat. "Begging your pardon, miss, but Mr. Willoughby has gone by foot already. He said the governess has gone, too. He offered to pay me to keep my mouth shut about you riding with him unescorted, but I told him I was an honorable man," he finished indignantly.

"Indeed you are," Caroline said softly. "Thank you, Angus."

His smile was wide and slightly worshipful. "Anything for you, Miss Stanley." He paused. "I'm sure your da and ma will be relieved to have you home, safe and sound. I bet they'll even forget to be mad at you."

Caroline sighed. "Oh, I'm sure," she said dryly.