My Dear Readers, 

Thank you first for your encouragement, and mostly for your patience. It took much longer than I planned to get this chapter out. I hope that the long wait hasn't made this chapter a letdown. I'd like to remind readers that this author does not condone, nor encourage anything done to another human being without their consent. I hope that your spirit of suspended disbelief is alive and well. I'm excited to share this next phase of Cecilia and James' story. Until next installment, 

~Poeticlicense91 

As Cecilia gathered her wits, a different worry niggled her mind. Was James so mad at her that he wouldn't help her anymore? What was she going to do? She didn't have anywhere to go. Her heart was in her throat; she contemplated what she would do if James threw her out of his house. 

*** 

James couldn't be alone with her in the house. That much was clear. He couldn't trust himself, and yet he had asked Cecilia to trust him? He was a predator of the worst sort, and Cecilia didn't know what was good for her. James' punishment was fitting for his crime. As much as it tormented him to keep a distance from her, he knew it was the best thing for her welfare. He was always told that doing the right thing hurt. Now he was certain that it was true. 

He picked up his mobile and called his friend Mae Kwon. 

*** 

Clara returned early from class, and found Cecilia setting out plates for dinner with pasta ready to be dropped into boiling water. Cecilia seemed relieved to see her. Cecilia, rather than evading Clara's usual questions about her day, launched into questions about how the upcoming show was going. 

Abraham arrived as Clara finished recounting her day, and Cecilia made sure to divert attention from herself. James didn't come down for dinner at all. After cleaning the kitchen up, Cecilia climbed the stairs to her room. She was preoccupied and worried, wondering what James' absence could mean. That was when she walked straight into his chest. 

"Easy. Alright there?" James caught her shoulders to steady her. Cecilia flushed with embarrassment and looked at her feet. "Sorry. I'll get out of your way." She stepped aside. 

"Actually, I was looking for you. Can I talk to you?" 

Cecilia wanted nothing more than to hide. How could this get any worse? 

"Come upstairs with me?" 

That was how. 

"Why?" She asked, guarded. 

James sighed. Everything he did made things worse for Cecilia, no matter what he tried to do. "I just wanted to apologize. I shouldn't have yelled at you." James turned to lead them up the stairs. 

"No. I should apologize. I shouldn't have come up there while you were practising. I'm sorry." 

"Cecilia..." He turned back to her. Apparently, the discussion was going to be had on the dark stairwell. 

"No." She cut him off. "I'm sorry if I... embarrassed you, it was wrong of me. I'll stay away from you, and when I get back to Philly, you won't hear from me again." 

It was James' turn to flinch. Everything she said was exactly what he didn't want to hear. But it was the proper thing to do. "I'm still trying to get you home. I made you a promise and I intend to keep it." Thank goodness for the dimness on the stairs. James knew he had a fierce expression on his face, and was thankful Cecilia couldn't see it. 

"Thank you for helping me." Cecilia said humbly. She knew now that he wanted her gone. Her heart was breaking. 

"You don't need to thank me. I know I keep saying it, but I'm sorry." 

Cecilia used all her willpower to keep from crying again. "I understand. It's fine." She took a deep steadying breath. "Did you need anything else?" 

James was taken aback by the sharpness of the question. "No. I just wanted to make sure you were okay..." 

Cecilia's voice was stiffening with the effort to remain calm. "Well, I'm fine, so I'll just get out of your way, shall I?" 

James heard the bitterness as Cecilia threw his own words back at him. It hurt him that he had hurt her, but now he was free to keep her safe and concentrate on everything getting closer to normal. He took the punishment, knowing he deserved it, and hoped that some day Cecilia might forgive him. 

*** 

After that dreadful day Cecilia tried her best to avoid being on her own with James. It didn't take much effort, because James was doing the same thing. To that effect, he invited his friend and partner, Mae Kwon to rehearse in his studio for their upcoming performances. She was a wonderful partner, and James enjoyed the way she felt the music. Mae was a lovely pianist. Her Asian features were striking, and her technique was the perfect match to James'. Hers were the extra two hands needed to play Schubert's Fantasie in F minor. 

*** 

Clara's rehearsals were closed to the public for the last few weeks leading up to opening night. The chorographers and directors wanted no distractions. That left Cecilia with lots of free time. She had been doing more of the cooking. It kept her occupied and was a nice way to help out Clara. But now that the chicken was braising, Cecilia was bored. She tried to read a book, to pass the time until Abe and Clara came home. Dinner with them was Cecilia's favorite part of the day, and usually after, they would share some good British television with her or watch a movie. 

Even though she knew he felt nothing for her, Cecilia was still drawn to James' playing. Like a moth to the flame, she would follow her ears and listen as he played expertly the pieces that had branded her where no one could see. He came down for meals less and less, but both Abe and Clara found nothing strange about his behavior. James had only a month until his tour started, and his hyper-focused practising was par for the course. Sometimes Clara asked Cecilia to bring a plate of food or pot of tea up to James, but Cecilia always insisted Clara should go, that she wouldn't want to break James' concentration, making up any excuse not to be alone in that room with him again. 

*** 

A week or so passed. Cecilia had read this book already, and while it was good, she already knew the ending. From the den she heard James come down and open the door. She peeked as watched as James ushered in a pretty Asian woman. 

Cecilia was relieved that James was still trying to get her home, and that he hadn't told Abraham or Clara what had passed between them. But Cecilia was curious about the woman and what they were doing. Was the woman James' girlfriend? Was she submissive? Cecilia couldn't stay still, so she crept upstairs, to see what she could see. 

It was more about what she could hear though, as she neared the top floor, Cecilia heard the strains of a piece of music she had forgotten about. She hadn't heard it since she woke up in James' house. It was piano, but the amount of sound coming out of it was not possible. 

She tiptoed further up. It was fantastic and sounded like something Clara should dance to. The music was hiding a secret or story, and the melody swirled around Cecilia like a caress. It was the last piece of music Master taught her. It was the piece of her surrender and James was sitting next to the elegant woman, who was also playing the piano. 

It finally made sense. One piano, two players, more sound than Cecilia thought she could take. James and the woman were playing in sync with each other, nodding their heads and tapping their feet, measuring out the music with their bodies as well as their fingers. It was deeply intimate, and Cecilia's heart was in her throat, hearing the music and watching James become less guarded. There was something between him and the woman on the bench next to him. 

Cecilia had gone to countless rehearsals at the Royal Ballet with Clara. She had seen a synergy pass between some of the danseurs and their partnered ballerinas. It was beautiful to watch, but Cecilia felt as if she were invading their privacy. She'd asked Clara how the dancers maintained professionalism when they were so... physical... with each other. Clara responded that it wasn't uncommon for partners on that level to have relationships, and some were even married to their partners. That conversation was fresh in Cecilia's mind as she watched James practice with the woman. She detected the same energy. 

Even as jealousy reared it's ugly head, Cecilia knew she was wet. Arousal was part of the torture she had to endure until she could return home. First, it had been just certain pieces of music, then it was her infatuation with James, and now anything he played turned her on. He turned her on. She still fantasized about him, humiliated that she was so weak. 

Cecilia shook, her body's demands too much. She was overwhelmed because her heart was making demands too, and she could do nothing to stymy the ache and hunger. As beautiful as the music was, Cecilia tore herself away. If she didn't, she didn't know what she would do, and she'd been stupid enough as it was. 

Locked in her room Cecilia closed her eyes, remembering the things Master had done to her while he played a recording of the music. He'd trained her to be a slave. It didn't matter that she resisted; she succumbed. She hadn't known it fully until today. She was a slave: she was held captive by the music, by her desires, and no matter what anyone said, she was never going to be free of that. 

Lying on her bed she heard the music and sound of her submission play in her head. She wasn't going to be able to concentrate on anything until she quieted her burning sex. 

She fantasized that James wanted her, had tied her up so that she couldn't escape, so that no one else could touch her again. He played the piano watching her body's reaction as he played the chords that resonated inside her chest. She was naked and unable to fight, held in her kneeling position by rope. James caressed her bare breasts. He palmed her pussy, wordlessly claiming her, teasing her for a moment before he returned to the piano and continued his practice and her torment. He did this over and over until Cecilia was begging him, interrupting the beautiful music, to let her go. "You know I can't do that." Cecilia shuddered. His power over her was tangible and flooded her senses. His voice was just as gorgeous as the rest of him, just as passionate as his playing. She wailed and begged him more. He shook his head, mocking her wordlessly. She bowed her head, helpless to convince James to free her. He played once more, and Cecilia closed her eyes, focusing on his talent and precision. Finally he finished the piece uninterrupted. Cecilia begged him one last time. "Alright." Instead of untying the ropes though, his fingers moved to her naked pussy and toyed with her. She was so close, so close... "I'll free you. Come for me." 

Cecilia did, and it went on and on. It was the most satisfying orgasm she'd ever had on her own. 

When she felt herself come back down, she cried. That was the closest she could come to what her heart desired, and she hated herself for all of it. 

*** 

After dedicated practicing with Mae, James began running through the Rachmaninoff cello Sonata with Natasha. Her legs went on for days, and she had symmetry in her face that Michelangelo carved into marble. Natasha had missed her calling as a supermodel. It wasn't that she wasn't a brilliant cellist; it was just that she was as haughty and difficult to work with as a model, and as gorgeous as well. She was a rigid perfectionist and wasn't open to variations or different interpretations of classical pieces at all. She had immense dedication, but her attitude often got in the way of her artistry. She always performed best with James, who seemed to be one of the only musicians on the planet capable of handling her ego. 

Perhaps it was because Natasha was in love with him. At least, that was what Cecilia thought as she spied on the Russian playing the most beautiful music she had ever heard with James. Neither of them needed sheet music, and instead they constantly glanced at each other, moving from measure to measure, movement to movement with bows of heads, dramatic retards, and intent, driven, syncopation. 

Cecilia hated the woman. She couldn't stay to listen to the whole piece. To her eyes, the icy blonde Russian was throwing herself at James. And James was responding to her better than he had to Cecilia. Cecilia wasn't talented enough, or smart enough, and she certainly wasn't beautiful enough: that was the message she got as she watched James interact musically with Mae and Natasha. 

*** 

Opening night for Alice in Wonderland sent an excited air throughout the house. James, Abraham, and Cecilia were excited to go to the Royal Opera House to support Clara. Cecilia had been nervous, missing Clara as she endlessly rehearsed, and worried about being in close proximity to James. Hopefully she wouldn't have to sit next to him. 

Clara had helped her pick out a dress to wear over a month ago. The event was black tie, and Clara had been her usual, bubbly, helpful self, dragging Cecilia with her to Harrods's making a day of getting tea, and selecting a gown. Cecilia had had fun that day with Clara, and was happy with her gown then, but now she felt ridiculous. Walking down the steps to join Abraham and James, she thought the royal blue silk was too clingy, the neckline too daring, and the weather too cold for such a dress. 

Watching Cecilia hold the railing and come down the stairs, James held his breath. She was always attractive, but the pains she had taken to blow her hair out and line her hazel eyes with kohl made her look ethereal. The off-the-shoulder cut of the gown bared her shoulders, and exaggerated the lines of her bare neck and collarbone. What he wouldn't give to be able to collar her, and add the finishing touch to the look. James shook himself. He couldn't think like that, but he didn't look away, watching the way the deep blue silk wrapped around her torso like a glove, ending in a whimsical handkerchief hemline that was so ladylike, yet so tantalizing, allowing him momentary glances of her shapely legs. 

Cecilia was looking at the floor again, James noticed, and then heard Abe complimenting her. James didn't trust himself to say anything, all the words he might have said growing thick on his tongue. 

"Well, we don't want to be late." James said briskly. 

It was a distracting drive in the S4. Abe insisted on squeezing in the back to allow Cecilia to sit in the front. James didn't want to pay attention to the road. Abraham was pointing out the buildings in London to Cecilia, who hadn't yet seen them lit up at night. 

Once at the Royal Opera House, Cecilia had enough to look at to stop being self-conscious. The opulent theatre was breathtaking, and Cecilia marveled at the exquisite detailing and extravagant décor. But when she pulled her eyes from the ceiling, she was met with another, very pleasing sight. James had checked his topcoat. He was in a black tux, holding a bouquet of white roses. He managed to look at home and comfortable in his crisp shirt, perfectly tailored vest, and jacket. His shoes were polished to a high sheen, but his thin Knightsbridge tie was already pulled a bit loose, as if there was something about the man that refused to abide by all the rules. Cecilia found him devastatingly handsome, and while they waited for an usher to take them to their seats, she caught herself finding new angles from which to appreciate James. The roses, she quickly found out, were for Clara once the performance had ended. He really did know how to be debonair when he so chose. 

Abraham watched James watching Cecilia. She did look exceptional, not a scratch or bruise marring her beauty. From the outside Cecilia appeared recovered. The poor girl had made good progress, but he knew that the battle with her inner demons was far from won. He sighed and glanced at his best mate. He knew James well enough to know he was smitten. The poor blighter was far too chivalrous to make a move. It was a shame, because he was beginning to think that Cecilia felt the same thing for James. For tonight though, he pledged to stay out of it, enjoy his wife's performance and have all three of them unwind a bit. 

The usher led them to their seats. Clara had used her comp tickets to secure them prime box seating. Abraham made sure Cecilia sat between himself and James, not wanting her to feel left out. Once they settled, Abraham took another glance at the two. Yes, there was something there, but he wasn't going to dwell on it. Dance was Clara's passion, and while Abraham had had little appreciation of ballet before he met his wife, he took great pleasure in seeing the joy that vibrated through Clara's entire being when she danced. 

The lights dimmed, and the orchestra sounded their obligatory tuning, preparing for the brief overture. Alice in Wonderland was an easy ballet to follow, assuming one was familiar with the Lewis Carol classic. For that reason, the three hadn't felt the need to study the program. However, when a familiar, long-limbed ballerina dressed as Alice took the stage, Cecilia opened her program. A loose sheet of paper fell out immediately. It read: 

In tonight's performance of Christopher Wheeldon's Alice in Wonderland, Soloist Clara Finnegan Kendrick will perform the role of Alice. 

Cecilia gasped in excitement. "Clara is Alice!" she whispered as loud as she dared. 

James noticed too, and handed the insert to Abe. The three of them looked at each other with huge grins, and then did a double take back to the stage. Clara was breathtaking. She convincingly mimed her part, but her dancing was unbelievably compelling. The audience was with her the entire time, laughing, gasping, and applauding after particularly difficult pirouettes and leaps. 

At intermission, the three just sat breathless and ecstatic. This was huge for Clara's dancing career, and she had surprised them all. 

"Did you know about this Cecilia? You've been watching rehearsals." Abraham asked, stunned at the wonderful surprise. 

"No. It's news to me, but I wasn't allowed to watch the final rehearsals... Something must've changed." Cecilia was so happy for her new friend. Clara clearly deserved the part, and she was such a darling that no one could begrudge her the good fortune. 

"I'll tell you one thing Abe," James finally spoke up, "They couldn't have found a better Alice. Tell me that isn't the most perfect role for Clara, and I wouldn't believe you." 

Abraham let out a hearty laugh. "You're right about that! Precocious, mischiefy, curious... That's Clara to a tee." 

The second half of the ballet was just as enjoyable as the first, and just as expertly performed. When the time came for curtain call, Clara had the audience on their feet, throwing roses, and shouting "Brava!" 

James clapped a beaming Abraham on the back. "That's your wife mate." 

"Damn straight that's my wife..." And then Abraham yelled those words, adding to the cheers from the audience. (Some of whom heard, and looked back disapprovingly at the man who clearly didn't belong at the Royal Ballet.) 

Abraham, James and Cecilia waited somewhat impatiently for Clara to come out of the dressing rooms. When she finally emerged in a striking tea-length emerald dress, complete with a full tulle skirt, Abraham ran to her, lifted her up and spun her around. He wasn't nearly as graceful as the men who had been partnering Clara on stage, but Clara looked more at home in his arms than anywhere else. 

"Why didn't you tell us?" Cecilia asked, feeling Clara's infectious energy. 

"It was a surprise then?" She asked with a straight face. 

They all laughed then, causing everyone to look at the two couples sharing some inside joke. People stared, some admiring, some a tad jealous of the two beauties in blue and green, flanked by two well-groomed and confident men. The Telegraph was doing a story about the show, and the photographer waltzed over to take a photo of the evening's star. Then he wanted a photo of Clara with her husband, and then Clara insisted on taking one with James and Cecilia. Cecilia moved to lean in next to Clara, but Clara had other ideas. "Go next to James there. That's it." The photographer agreed. "You all make lovely couples." He said when he had his pictures. 
Cecilia swallowed and pulled away from James. "Oh, we're not..." But the man had already left. 

*** 

Clara decided that Cecilia needed more fun in her life. At the same time, she decided James needed to forgive himself and rejoin humanity. The ballet was hosting a post-performance reception at Guy Savoy and all the company members and their families were invited. This was the perfect opportunity to encourage Cecilia and James to come out of their shells. Clara was forming a cunning plan. 

*** 

James hated these sort of things... No, he didn't hate the idea per se, but pre-arranged, work-related, cocktail parties usually had some sort of friction or awkwardness. 

Clara was unique in the dance community. She wasn't dramatic or attention-hungry like many other dancers. James found that attitude wearying in the small population of world-class artists who usually attended these things. At least James knew how to handle these people, and had a reputation in the community that preceded him; Abe felt entirely like a fish out of water. He was married to Clara, and James was his best mate, but Abe's appreciation for dance and classical music was based on his relationships rather than a burning passion of his own. Perhaps that was key to the delicate synthesis the three maintained. Regardless, Abe would have been more at home with a pint of bitter and some bangers and mash at the pub. 

Clara was the belle of the ball tonight. The artistic director, the choreographer in residence, the principal dancers, all invited Clara into their exclusive fold. For once, Abe didn't have to awkwardly answer questions about his job, or pretend to have profound thoughts on obscure dance pieces: He was perfectly at home with Clara on his arm getting the attention she had earned after decades of hard work. He beamed and was quite content to sip at his beer and play dutiful husband for once. Lord knows, Clara had been enormously supportive and he was happy he could do the same thing for her. 

James camped out at the bar. He handed the bartender a twenty-pound note. "Lagavullen neat. Keep it open." From this vantage point at the bar, James could stay inconspicuous. He was avoiding lots of people. He needed to maintain distance from Cecilia, but he also wanted space from a few people he knew at the Royal Ballet; one development coordinator always wanted him to play the piano for a benefit performance, and some of the dancers tried to cross wits with him, believing James to be too conservative with his ideas about music and dance. He inhaled the peaty liquor and hoped to God he would be left in peace. 

Clara had never been so popular at these functions. She knew that it likely would not last, but she intended to enjoy her success while it lasted. Usually, no one paid this much attention to a soloist, but Hilary Strand and Sebastian Echeverria, both principals, were chatting with her as if she was one of them. Clara frowned to see Cecilia standing conspicuously alone by some flower arrangements. The vivid blue of her dress gave her away; there was no possibility Cecilia could blend in the way she looked tonight. Enjoying having a coterie of people looking to her, Clara decided to use the newfound popularity to do Cecilia some good. 

She interrupted the self-congratulatory nature of the conversation around her. "You've all met my friend Cecilia, yes?" 

"Si, por sopuesto. She's been to rehearsals." Sebastian responded. His eyebrows lifted as his gaze travelled to Cecilia. 

"I was going to have her join us." Clara moved to lead the group over to Cecilia, when someone tapped her on the shoulder. The artistic director was behind her. "Clara," he cleared his throat, "I have someone you should talk to... you know Diana Shiley?" 

Diana Shiley was one of the biggest benefactors of the ballet. Her opinions and thoughts about the direction of the company were taken very seriously. That the artistic director wanted Clara to speak with Ms. Shiley was rather portentous. Maybe more good things were coming her way. 

Sebastian beamed at her, revealing teeth that were almost too white. "Well, Clara you go and chat with Ms. Shiley. We'll keep Cecilia company." Sebastian had admired "Clara's shadow," Cecilia, from afar. Tonight she looked most tempting.  

Cecilia watched the graceful approach of the two dancers. Hilary seemed to waft over, as if floating Cecilia's way, while Sebastian made purposeful strides towards her. He had an uncanny ability to always maintain a virulent masculinity in his dancing, even though ballet leaned towards the effeminate. He had ease and comfort in his gait, completely in control and at home in his body. The Spanish danseur had spoken to her a few times at the rehearsals she visited. He often danced shirtless. From a distance, Cecilia had appreciated and admired his tanned physique and dexterous strength. 

A safe distance away at the bar, James noticed the flamboyant Spaniard saunter up to the sapphire-clad Cecilia. The waifish ballerina that was with them did nothing to alleviate James instincts. Sebastian was too close to Cecilia. Yes, he was definitely invading her personal space. Where was Clara? Someone should be there to look out for Cecilia. 

As he wondered about Clara's whereabouts, Abe approached James at the bar. Abe seemed to be practically jolly. "Clara's doing very well it seems." 

"Indeed." James barely looked at his best mate. He was too busy watching Sebastian flirting with Cecilia. The other dancer seemed to be encouraging him. 

"Wells Bombardier please," Abe ordered. "I reckon Clara just might have pushed her career into hyper drive tonight. I wish she had let us in on the secret though." 

"Mmm... perhaps..." 

"I may have to take that in hand later..." Abe expected his friend to make a sly comment, or at least smile knowingly. James didn't even respond. Abe looked to see what had caught his best friend's attention. "It's good to see Cecilia coming out of her shell more. Seems like she's making friends." 

James sniffed. "I'm not sure Don Juan over there has friendship in mind..." 

Abe cocked an eyebrow, took a long draw of his bitter and steeled himself for what he was about to say. "And, if he is? I recall you saying you had no intentions as far as Cecilia's concerned." 

"I haven't. That doesn't mean I like the look of his intentions." 

"It would appear that Cecilia might not mind." 

Cecilia was laughing at something the Spaniard said. James scowled. That one spent too much time on his appearance. His long hair was tied back with a ribbon of all things, and he had spent some serious time and energy whitening his teeth. Most women found Sebastian devastatingly handsome; James found the man shallow and self-serving. And now he was tucking a lock of Cecilia's hair behind her ear. 

James entire bearing tightened. He didn't know where Clara was, and it was unfair of him to think of her as Cecilia's chaperone, but someone should be on the watch for Cecilia. He drained the scotch, turned to the bartender. "Two flutes of Mumm please." 

"Right away Sir." 

The champagne glittered in the crystal flutes. Abraham gave James an amused look, that James choose not to remark upon. It was merely a protective maneuver, to make sure that the Spanish dancer didn't cause any further damage to Cecilia. She'd been through so much already because of James' foolhardiness. James wasn't about to let any further harm happen on his watch. On his approach, James groaned inwardly as he heard Sebastian over-emphasize the roll in his "r's", playing up his accent as he spoke to Cecilia. 

"...I think you would really enjoy the food and atmosphere. But how rude of me!" The Spaniard continued, "Can I get you a drink? 

Cecilia was fumbling for words when James answered for her. "I'm afraid I've already seen to it, Sergio." He handed Cecilia the flute, placing himself between the over-confident Spaniard and the angel he needed to protect. It was an overt display, but James found he couldn't care less. 

"It's Sebastian, actually." Sebastian corrected James, detecting the slight for what it was, even if Cecilia hadn't caught it. 

"Right, sorry." James willed Sebastian to take his dismissal. Turning to Cecilia he whispered with warmth into her ear. "It's champagne. Cheers!" 

"Huzah!" Cecilia whispered conspiratorially back, happy to have something as simple as an inside joke with her rescuer. James relaxed some now that had inserted himself between Cecilia and Sebastian's questionable intentions. He clinked his glass with Cecilia, feeling a bit smug. 

Hilary introduced herself and conversation returned to the usual "Did you enjoy the performance?" and other thinly-veiled attempts at fishing for complements. James had never been more relieved to be caught in a meaningless conversation. Cecilia honestly seemed to be enjoying the evening, and James found a contented pleasure in viewing the event through her un-jaded perspective. He mentioned his appreciation for the ballet's music, and Cecilia asked about the score, the conversation becoming more intimate as they strayed into James' area of expertise. James felt more in control with Cecilia distracted away from Sebastian. Her honest interest and curiosity in music made her that much more engaging. Even though James had made himself Cecilia's self-appointed chaperone, he couldn't help but assert his own desire to have her all to himself. 

Sebastian hadn't given up though. Apparently James had interrupted a dinner invitation. 

"Cecilia, you must not toy with my emotions... Won't you say 'yes' and join me for that wine dinner? It's at Pizzaro." He indicated the glass Cecilia was sipping from, "If you like champagne, you'll adore cava. It doesn't give you a headache like the French bubbly." He smiled charmingly as he gave James a look that a matador gives to a bull. 

James held his breath as Cecilia swallowed, blushed and managed to say, "I'll have to think about it. It does sound lovely though." She felt weird having this conversation while James was there. James, for his part, squeezed a fist in triumph behind his back. Cecilia had opted for a polite letdown 

Sebastian persisted. "Por favor muñeca." 

Wanting to end the conversation while James was there, Cecilia nodded, "Okay, okay. Sería mi gusto." Cecilia could sense James next to her as she agreed to Sebastian's invitation, but tried to ignore the stabbing pain that had hoped to have an invitation from James instead. 

Sebastian flashed his overly white smile at Cecilia and James. Hilary started gushing about a vegan tapas bar she had recently visited, and the tension eased in the little group as the subject changed. 

*** 

Clara leaned her head against Abraham's shoulder, enjoying the small intimacy amidst the hyper-social gathering. They were at the bar, momentarily removed from the rest of the fray. But Clara watched her plan unfold as Sebastian and James each sought to catch and maintain Cecilia's attention. Clara smiled at Abraham's closeness, crossing her fingers that her plan worked. She sighed, giving the tiniest voice to her anxiousness. Abraham noticed. 

"What's wrong sweetness?" 

"Nothing love. Just enjoying the moment." 

"I'm so happy for you. Do you think there's more to come?" 

"Ms. Shiley seemed to think so. I hope she's right..." Clara sounded wistful. 

"There is one little matter we need to settle." Abraham suddenly sounded businesslike. 

"What's that?" 

"I think Alice was very naughty getting into so much trouble in Wonderland. Don't you?" She felt a firm squeeze to her bum. 

Clara gasped, but Abe was all smiles. When she didn't respond Abe taunted her further. "And I think Clara wasn't on her best behavior... keeping news like that a secret from me." Clara bit her bottom lip, trying not to beam while her dominant husband was pretending to be serious. 

"And, I'm curious if you were planning on telling me that you were setting Cecilia up?" 

Oh dear. That one was a bit more serious. Clara decided to wait to see how much of her plan Abraham had divined. "What do you mean?" 

"Now's no time to be coy. Look over there." 

Clara looked in the direction in which Abe had nodded his head. James was on Cecilia's right, and Sebastian was on her left, the two each trying to gain access to her personal space. Hilary seemed put out to be left out of the game, struggling to reassert her presence with the two handsome men who had eyes only for Cecilia. Cecilia didn't seem to enjoy the attention as much. 

Clara looked up at Abraham through her downcast lashes. "I was only trying to help Cecilia." 

Abe smirked. "With whom were you setting her up?" 

It seemed like it was confession time. "Either one?" Clara said quietly. When Abe remained silent, Clara explained further. "Cecilia needs to get out more, make some friends. She shouldn't have to stay at home all the time. I thought it'd be good for her. Honestly. She needs to get used to being around people again. And..." 

"And...?" Abraham probed. 

"Maybe James needed a kick in the pants. Don't tell me he doesn't have any interest in her." 

"So you decided to set Cecilia up to make James, our James, my brother, jealous?" 

"That's about the gist of it." Clara tried to sound strong as she admitted her devious plan. 

"Clara!" Abraham was shocked at her scheming. It was so manipulative and not in Clara's nature at all. Clara at least, had the grace to pretend to look penitent. "What am I going to do with you?" 

"Wait to see if it worked?" Clara suggested hopefully. 

Abraham sighed and looked back over to his best friend and the vibrant girl they had so recently rescued. "Let's salvage the evening while I puzzle out what to do with you." He gave Clara a spank on her bottom and they went to rejoin James and Cecilia. "Well don't you two look cozy over here," Clara said. She had intentionally left the second individual ambiguous, but Clara saw Cecilia's eyes flash towards James. "How's it going?" 

"Muy bien, Clara." Sebastain had clearly been under the impression that she had been addressing him, "How was your chat with Ms. Shiley?" 

"Very pleasant, but probably not as stimulating as what you've been discussing." 

"No. Perhaps not. Cecilia has just agreed to have dinner with me, so I do believe I'm having all the fun." Cecilia nodded and blushed. 

Clara was encouraged to see the plan working. Whatever happened, Cecilia was going to at least start interacting with more people since her ordeal. "Where are you going?" Clara probed further. 

Abraham saw James clench his jaw. This meddling had gone too far, regardless of Clara's intentions. To set his friend at ease, he went to Cecilia on the pretext of taking her empty glass, returning with it replenished and flanking her other side creating more distance between Cecilia and Sebastian. Abe gave Clara a stern look. She swallowed and dropped that line of conversation. Maybe she had needed a more cunning plan. 

Eventually, Sebastian left. Having secured the promise of seeing Cecilia again, he withdrew from the knot of people with an extra lift in his gait. Hilary soon politely made her exit. James was frustrated. Every time he tried to refocus the conversation, Sebastian managed to steer the discussion back to himself. James had had enough and was relieved to see the back of the Spaniard. He was quite ready to go home. 

It had been a rollercoaster of an evening. Cecilia examined the turn of events in the car as they drove home. She admitted to herself that she was rather pleased with how everything had turned out. She hadn't made a fool of herself, her new best friend had danced magnificently, and someone as self-possessed as Sebastian Echevarria had asked her out to dinner! In the safety of her mind, she allowed herself the luxury of thinking that she may have even cut a good figure at the after-party. The only flaw had been that it had been Sebastian, and not James, who had flirted with her. But James had been by her side for most of the evening and didn't seem to mind her. They had spoken and laughed... Both of them tacitly agreed not to mention the incident. She shouldn't hope for more. For tonight, it was enough. 

Clara spent the short car ride home wondering what Abe had in store for her. James' brooding silence was palpable to both Clara and Abraham. They both knew him well enough to know that he was exerting heavy thought to the evening's events. Clara hadn't counted on James becoming this consumed by someone else expressing interest in Cecilia. This was bad. She hadn't meant to cause him pain... just to push him a bit. 

When they arrived back at the townhouse, James rounded the car to help Cecilia out. 

She nearly forgot to breathe when he offered his arm to walk her back inside. 

Maybe it was foolhardy to be in such proximity to Cecilia, but James felt he could maintain control. Besides, after such strain had been put on his self-control tonight, he wanted to prove that he could still be a gentleman. 

"That dress is quite becoming on you. You look lovely tonight." He had been wanting to tell her that all night. "Thank you for coming and sharing a drink with me. I don't usually have that much fun at those sort of things." 

"No. Thank you... James." 

Once inside, James gave Cecilia's hand a gentle pat. For a moment, Cecilia thought she saw a look cross James' face, as if he were going to say something, but he merely unwound his arm from her grasp and gave her a bow, the perfect gentleman. How her heart ached for there to be something more between them. 

Clara started for the stairs when Abe clasped her wrist. His voice was low in her ear. "You know where and how I want you... I'll be up soon." The playfulness from earlier had evaporated into a tangible heat wherever his eyes gazed on her. Clara shivered. She scurried up the steps to their room, flashing a backward glance at Abraham, who still did not seem amused. 

James leaned against the doorjamb that connected his study to the foyer. He watched Clara climb the stairs behind Cecilia. He didn't like to intrude on Clara and Abraham's relationship. It was something he took great care to respect. 

After he was sure Clara was out of earshot, James broke into Abe's lust-filled line of thought. "A word Abe?" 

"Yes." Abe nodded soberly. James eschewed the formality of his study and moved to the den, pulling his tie loose and shrugging his jacket off. "Where do I begin James?" 

"How about telling me that you had nothing to do with that?" 

"With what?" 

"Clara was baiting me, Abe. And I don't know if it was for my benefit or that damn Fabio-wannabe's." 

"Ah... that... well, James I'm seeing to it as we speak. And no, I had nothing to do with it. When I saw what she was playing at, it was too late to tactfully stop it. You'll notice that I did try to create some distance for you both." 

"I thought so." James settled onto one of the couches, debating if he could pour himself a nightcap. 

Abraham settled that question quickly, by digging a dusty bottle of brandy out from behind a bookshelf cabinet. James grimaced at the familiarity between the two of them. He was never able to keep much hidden from Abe. The man just knew him too well. 

Abe left to get some snifters, and returned, pouring James an extra finger of brandy. "Here, you need it." 

"Thanks." James said, inhaling the heady scent and taking a sip as he listened. 

"James, you know I'm sorry for what Clara was trying to do. I know how you feel about Cecilia. It's no big secret. She was only trying to help, but she never should've meddled." 

James was tight-lipped. "Come off it James! You could cut the tension between you and Cecilia with a knife. It's okay to admit it..." 
James ignored the invitation to spill his thoughts. Instead he diverted the conversation. "I'm seeing how unfair it is to try and keep Cecilia with us all the time. She has a right to socialize and go out... Clara was right to encourage her." 

"Beg your pardon?" 

"I'm just concerned for her safety. I'm flying out soon. Abe, you'll look after her while I'm abroad right?" 

"Of course." 

"I mean really keep an eye on her? Just because I don't trust that Spanish bloke doesn't mean she doesn't have the right to see him. It's not for me to determine who Cecilia dates. 

"James... wouldn't... you rather see to it yourself?" Abe understood Clara's temptation to push his best friend. James was being rather thick about this. 

"Sure, but I can't. I'll be in Vienna, and then in Berlin, and then off to other places. Clara was absolutely right to try and help Cecilia this way. She won't fully recover until she can socialize and be with other people. Tonight was a good step for her." 

"No James, Clara wasn't right, not the way she was handling it." 

"Just because I'm incapable of being objective where Cecilia is concerned doesn't mean she wasn't right." 

"She wasn't James. I'm going to be correcting that shortly. But you and Cecilia have a connection." 

James eyes were fiery and his voice pointed. "Of course we have a connection! A criminal one. That's nothing but Stockholm syndrome. Hopefully, with me away, she can continue to recover from that. Seeing someone else should help with it too." 

"James! You can't hold yourself accountable! You were ignorant of what was happening! It's not your fault. Cecilia doesn't hold you responsible. She practically worships you! Or are you too oblivious to notice?" 

"She's afraid of me Abe! And she should be!" 

Abe hated seeing his friend this hurt. Clara hadn't helped, but she wasn't the root of the issue. "James, can't you talk to her?" 

James stared into his snifter. He debated telling Abe about the incident in the attic. But as he pondered that situation, he saw Clara's hand in it as well. It was totally within the realm of possibility that Clara had told Cecilia to approach him that way. He had no desire to put Abraham further in the middle of this. 

He sighed. "Talk to her and tell her what Abe? "Can I take you for tea sometime? I think you're gorgeous and I'm so happy that you're here? It's brilliant luck that the trafficker I know found you for me?" It doesn't matter what I feel for her Abe! 

"There. I've said it! I desire Cecilia profoundly. I could fall in love with her in a heartbeat! But anyone who approaches Cecilia with that intent right now would just be preying on a recovering victim." James was consciously lumping Sebastian into that category, even though he pretended to be accepting of Cecilia building new relationships 

"James, being attracted to her isn't a crime. And maybe she doesn't want to be the victim anymore." Abe was trying to be reasonable. 

"She deserves better than what I've done to her. I would never be able to trust that any relationship we have could be real or honest after what I've done." 

Abe didn't know what to say to that. It was typical James: A completely sound argument based on the false premise that James was a bad person. There were reasons to believe the things James said, but somehow, Abe was unconvinced. 

"I'm sorry mate. I really, truly am." 

"There's no reason for you to apologise. This is of my own making. Just promise me you'll keep her safe while I'm gone." 

"You know I will." 

"Good." James felt at least that worry settle some. "Has Clara been waiting for you this whole time?" James asked, gesturing at the conversation. 

"As a matter of fact, yes." Abraham finished his brandy. He had given himself a smaller pour for a reason. "Will you manage while I take care of the rest of this problem?" He couldn't hide all the eagerness from his voice. 

James smiled despite his foul mood. Sometimes it was so hard to watch their happiness, even though he wouldn't have it any other way. "By all means. I'm not much company anyway." 

Abe left the room, knowing there was nothing more he could do for his friend. He turned his mind to his naughty little wife and managed a smile. There was plenty he could do on that front, however. 

*** 

Clara had been kneeling for a considerable time. How long had it been actually? Upon entering their bedroom Clara disrobed, unzipped her emerald dress and carefully hung up the Tom Ford creation. Donning a pair of pink rehearsal tights, a black leotard, and tying the ribbons of her pointe shoes, Clara knelt next to Abraham's armchair. This was how they started nearly all their sessions. It had seemed like Abraham kept her waiting forever. She stared around the room, taking in the space that they had created together. It was the one room in the townhouse that Clara felt expressed Abraham and herself perfectly. 

It hadn't mattered to Abraham as much as it had mattered to Clara that they create the space together. Abe was happy to let Clara do all the decorating, but she insisted, nudging him into action. The result was the perfect blend of masculine practicality and feminine aesthetic. Chocolate browns and golds made the basis of a warm colour scheme that was accented by the palest of pear green. Oriental fabrics with rich paisley textures, jacquard textiles, and a wealth of pillows threw the right amount of imperial conquest into the room. The inviting bed had a modern, straight-laced canopy, draped in fine linen. Nothing was too frilly or wantonly overdone. Clara's eyes slipped to the trundle drawers under the bed, wondering which implement would be chosen to rectify her offenses. It had been a long time since she had been punished in earnest. She shivered again. The long wait made her more anxious than it should have, and Clara wondered if she could wrap one of the blankets around her while she kneelt. 

Just as she was about to cave and break her kneel, Abraham softly pushed open the door. He loved this moment. The moment when he could see the shift between the rambunctious and fiery Clara into the Clara that only he was privileged enough to see. He saw, in the space of a few seconds, her back straighten even more and her lashes flutter as she struggled to keep her eyes down when all she wanted to do was look at him. She flexed and relaxed her fingers, opening her palms that were elegantly placed above her knees. She took a large but silent gulp of air, and slowly let it go through her nose. 

Clara brought a spirit of overwhelming victory to Abe every time she allowed him to bare his soul, by revealing her own. Abe focused his own breathing. After tonight he wanted nothing more that to ravish his wife, the perfect ballerina that was so responsive, so lively, and who stilled only for him. Unfortunately, he would have to delay his foremost desires. Abe couldn't recall what the last infraction was that had led the two of them to a punishment. It must have been silly indeed... maybe Clara had made them late to an engagement? This time though, was more serious. 

Abe stepped directly in front of Clara, and stroked her cheek. She was motionless. Abraham crouched down to eye-level with Clara, tilted her chin up until she was forced to make eye contact. Abe kissed her passionately, holding her face, and ravishing her mouth, pulling away with a slight bite to her lower lip. Clara fought with herself not to follow him. He turned to the drawers he had built under their bed. 

Clara felt her nipples harden. Between her chill and Abraham's kiss they were pebbled into points that her thin leotard did nothing to hide. When she saw rope in Abraham's hands, she felt her blood quicken, even though she was openly shivering. 

Abe hadn't said a word yet, and he didn't intend to break the silence. He had a medium length of rope in his hands, and lovingly took Clara's tiny wrists. He could circle both of her hands in one of his own. The soft hemp was looped around one wrist and then brought to the other, crossing at the small of Clara's back. The lean muscles that bore the mild tension revealed the long years of effort and control that Clara had spent becoming a talented dancer. She was always in control of her body. It was both her canvas, and the finished sculpture. When Clara danced freely to music, she was in control. When she danced at the ballet, the choreographer and ballet masters were in control, but like this: Abraham was the conductor, choreographer, and audience. It wasn't dance the way other people imagined it, but Abe found the exchange, the communication, as riveting between just the two of them as it had been before a full audience. 

A soft, low rumble issued the first command. "Stand Clara. Over to the bed, bend forward, legs together." 

Yes, Degas had understood something about dancers when he painted them. Abe watched how even simple movement became so much more expressive as Clara sashayed to the bed. 

"If only you had behaved..." Abraham sighed to himself. Not that he minded seeing his love so enticingly presented. He merely wanted to be wrapped around and in her already. 

"Clara, do you know why I have to punish you?" 

"Yes Sir." 

"Tell me Clara." 

"I kept an important secret from you." Clara didn't want to have to talk about the more serious issue just yet. 

"Yes. You did... but I think you know why I have to really punish you Clara. Care to share that with the class?" 

"I-I-I..."She took a big breath, "I tried to set up Cecilia." 

SMACK!! Abe's big hand came down across Clara's buttocks. 

Abe was disappointed. "No Clara. That is not why you're bent over waiting for a spanking. You were being manipulative Clara." Abraham's voice was steady and took on a lecturing tone. "You were playing games with James' emotions, and with Cecilia's too, for that matter. Did you think that maybe your plan might not work-which I might add, it didn't-and that their feelings could be hurt?" 

Clara waited to be sure Abraham was finished talking. "No. No I didn't, but-" 

SMACK! "The answer is 'no sir'." Abe rebuked Clara. "And no 'buts' Clara. James was already a bit of a head wreck over Cecilia. Now he's even more torn up over her." 

Clara gulped. Her plan had gone all wrong. "I'm sorry Sir." 

Abraham heard genuine contrition in Clara's voice, but he hadn't even really started. "Clara, for being manipulative with our friends' feelings, you're going to get twenty with the crop." 

Clara breathed a sigh of relief. That wasn't anything she couldn't handle. Tears had welled up in her eyes at the thought of causing either James or Cecilia more pain. Abraham stepped away from her to retrieve the crop from the drawer under the bed. 

SMACK! Abraham surprised Clara when she felt his hand make contact with her bum. Over and over his hand came down. It was a warm-up, which was both good and bad. Clara knew that he wasn't planning on being gentle when he finally did use the crop, but also knew that the spanking from his hand would ensure she made a steady and bearable ascendance to the place where her punishment would eventually meet pleasure. Abraham was never cruel or unduly mean, even when she earned a punishment. 

Abraham preferred using his palm to anything else when he played with or punished Clara. It was intimate and reassuring way to both punish and be punished. But punishment was less about what he or Clara wanted and more about what was called for. The crop was a suitable implement, but Abe insisted on warming Clara up; he enjoyed the feel of her flesh warming as his hand roughly groped her muscular behind. Her skin absorbed the blows, catching a ripple as the force dispersed along her whole ass. Just to keep her on her toes, Abe varied the target, catching her thighs below where they met her bottom. Clara was a good girl and didn't cry or beg, but Abe could hear the sharp intakes of breath and gasps. He could see the redness beneath the translucent pink tights he had her wear. She appeared such an innocent, but they both knew the farce, and Abe enjoyed the glow that was blooming across her backside as Clara took her spanking. 

Clara hadn't been told to keep count and was thoroughly distracted when Abraham paused. Her attention had been on the wetness building between her legs. Apparently, Abraham's mind had followed her own and she felt his index finger wiggle between her legs and trace a firm line across the front of her sex and over her clit. She cursed the fabric of her leotard and tights, wishing for better contact. Clara was no longer cold. Her bottom already stung, tiny pinpricks made themselves known, reminding Clara that her punishment hadn't even properly begun. 

Abraham chuckled. As his finger gently teased Clara he saw her rise slightly and flex her hips as she made to follow the stimulation. Abe chuckled and playfulness crept into his voice. "Do you honestly think your performances tonight warrant that kind of attention Clara?" 

Clara blushed, her face and décolletage making a noble attempt to match her red ass. She felt his finger again, and she spread her legs, giving him better access. SMACK! "It wasn't a rhetorical question Clara." 

"No Sir." Clara answered quickly. 

"Since you seem so eager, I think you can spread those legs wide for me." Abraham felt his raging hard-on throb further as Clara complied with the request. Damn she was perfect, and there were benefits to her dance training... "Farther Clara. En pointe." Clara's flexible frame exceeded what most people could physically handle. She whimpered. Abe groaned as her calf muscles lifted, her quads and glutes hardened and her heels left the ground entirely. The position opened Clara's hips, and let her torso bear even more of her weight on the soft bed. 

Abe saw the innocence begin to leech out of the tableau. Clara's wetness was seeping through her thin covering, and when he moved to see her face, her eyes were pleading, conveying the very same dark desire Abraham felt, mixed with remorse now that her punishment was going to begin in earnest. 

Abe didn't let his gaze soften, much as he wanted to. Instead, he looked her straight in the eye and said. "Count them Clara." 

He looked so disappointed in her. Clara was willing to do or say anything to make that look leave his face. As aroused as she was, as desperate for the punishment part of her evening to end, she knew that if he chose to exceed the count she would be more than willing to submit to it, if only he could look at her with the longing she felt, but didn't yet deserve. Legs spread, bottom stinging, Clara now understood how short-sighted her plan had been. 

Thwap! The crop landed on her pert little ass with breathtaking speed. She tried to clench her bottom, but her wide-legged stance prevented it. 

"One Sir." 

Thwap! "Two Sir." The impact was harder than she remembered, perhaps because she hadn't needed to be punished in so long. 

Thwap! "Three Sir." 

The fourth hit the sensitive curve where her thighs joined her bottom and she lowered her heels, squeezing the muscles. 

"Back in position Clara. That one doesn't count. On your toes." 

Clara made her legs assume the previous position, feeling the true purpose of her position: to increase her helplessness against the crop's impact. There was no way to brace herself for each blow. 

Thwap! "Four Sir." 

"Better. Hold that position for the rest of them, or they won't count Clara." 

"Yes Sir." Thwap! "Five Sir." 

On and on. At ten, Clara felt her bottom become sore underneath all the stinging of her skin. 

Thwap! "Eleven Sir. Please, I'm sorry!" 

"I know. You're over halfway done." Thwap! "Continue." 

"Twelve Sir. Please? No more?" 

"Be good Clara." Thwap! Clara wanted to be good, she did. Tears finally leaked out of her eyes. She sobbed, "Thirteen Sir" 

She felt tremours course through her legs. She knew that all she had to do was say her safeword if she felt that her punishment was exceeding her ability to endure it. Clara had to be very mindful that their play didn't push her body too far. She already pushed physical limits at class and rehearsals, so it was important that she didn't overdo it and risk injury. She had performed a demanding piece tonight, and her body objected to further strain. 

Thwap! "Please. Fourteen Sir! Please... please... Yellow!" 

Tears spilled over and Clara eased off her toes. The tension and tremours already started to fade as she let her heels bare more weight, and moved her feet fractionally closer together, relaxing her hips. Abraham was right behind her, rubbing her back. "Clara? What's wrong?" 

"My legs and my feet. I couldn't hold them like that any longer... I-" 

"Shhhh... Clara is it any better like that? Do you need me to stop?" 

"N-n-n-no Sir. I just couldn't hold that position any more. There are six left... I know... I need them... It isn't red... just yellow." 

"Clara, are you sure? You know you don't have to..." 

"I know. But I- I do. I do have to, to make it better." Abraham swallowed at these words. He did understand, but he was unwilling to entertain even the possibility of doing Clara an injury. 

"No love. You can have the other six later, tomorrow perhaps. I won't have you hurting yourself or not being on your leg because you were trying to be tough for me." Abraham unwound the rope from Clara's wrists. 

More tears threatened to spill from Clara's eyes. Her spanking and cropping honestly hurt, but she felt mildly ashamed: She was disappointed that she had had to stop Abraham short. Intellectually, it was a foolish sentiment. She knew that he would have been upset if she hadn't been honest about her body's limits tonight. 

Abraham helped Clara sit up on the bed. She sat upright like a long-limbed China doll. He looked her straight in the eye as he pulled the ribbon of her pointe shoes loose. With practiced ease he took the slipper off. He heard Clara's sigh of relief. After performing tonight, he had been asking too much of her body. He took her fragile right foot in his hand and started to firmly rub it down. Clara leaned back at the pleasure of the impromptu massage. His large hands kneaded the delicate tendons in her ankle and then erased potential muscle spasms that were hiding in her calf muscles. Clara closed her eyes and moaned. Then Abraham moved to her left foot. 

By the time he finished with her feet, Clara was half melted. Abraham kissed her tenderly, and guided her to turn around. He peeled off her black leotard. Her pink tights followed. Without them, Abe could see just how red Clara's backside had become. He gave it a little pinch, enjoying Clara's squeal. 

He scooped Clara's naked form up and carried her to the bathroom, turning the shower on, waiting for hot water. When the room filled with steam he set Clara down, and gave her bottom sharp encouragement to step inside. Abe divested himself of his formal clothing, tossing the uncomfortable garments in a heap on the floor. His cock was raging, demanding that Abraham do something and NOW. Instead, Abe ignored his lower half and started to wash Clara, scrubbing off the sweat and makeup, massaging her tired muscles, letting her body relax. When Clara was clean from head to toe, she seemed to drift back to earth. 

She felt so much better now. Still, her properly tanned backside and lovely massage from Abraham had her on edge. She kneeled in front of her husband on the glass tiled shower floor, and without asking for permission, slipped her mouth over Abraham's iron rod. 

The hot water beating down on Clara was glorious, and she closed her eyes as she employed her tongue to enflame Abraham even further. Her hands glided up his thighs, gripping him tightly, as she let his cock free just long enough to lave at his heavy bollox. The burly man groaned. Clara was supposed to ask permission to pleasure him, but at the moment, all Abe had the capacity to care about was that she didn't stop. With more concentration, he felt his wife and submissive begin to ease him further and further into her mouth, seeking to swallow him entirely. Clara groaned as he nudged the back of her throat. Her cheeks hallowed and sucked hard across his shaft. The vibrations and vacuum Clara created had Abe panting quickly. 
All night Abe had been wanting to whisk Clara away and pleasure her. The night had taken a different turn, but he wasn't altogether disappointed. 

Clara's tongue wriggled against the underside of his cock as she pulled back only to renew her enthusiastic attempt at taking his entire length. Abe decided the evening had been a smashing success, even if Clara had misbehaved. He tilted his head back. He wasn't going to keep control much longer if she kept this up. And the hot water wasn't going to last... 

The gentlest scrape of Clara's teeth had his toes curling. God this woman was sent from heaven! He braced himself against the wall with one hand and grit his teeth. With the other hand he grabbed Clara's wet hair, reluctantly pulling her warm mouth off his cock. "No. That's enough Clara. Did you have permission to suck my cock?" 

"No Sir." Clara didn't sound even a little sorry. On the contrary, she was looking quite pleased with herself. 

Lord, she was delicious when she was like this. Abraham pulled her up, his hand pulling at her hair to direct her. "Bad girl Clara! I haven't even finished spanking you for being bad and you're already testing me again." He turned off the water. "Dry me off, and be quick about it little girl." 

Clara snagged an overlarge towel and started methodically drying off Abe's massive body. She enjoyed this immensely. His broad chest and shoulders were corded with thick muscle. His torso was a study in strength and anatomical economy. Her husband was a big, powerful man, and Clara adored how safe she felt while in his power. When she began to dry his legs and approached his still-hard cock, he 'tisked' her. "No Clara. You don't have permission." Clara whined some but obeyed without further delay.  

"I thought your arse looked pretty red, didn't it Clara?" 

"Yes Sir. It is." 

"You aren't acting as if it is. I think your punishment hasn't made the proper impression on you." 

"Sir? But it has-" 

"No. I'll determine that." With the threat hanging in the air, Abe scooped Clara up and carried Clara to bed, kissing her with the fierceness he had been tamping down all night. Clara opened completely to him, yielding to the aggressiveness in Abe as he overpowered her completely. He draped his body over her. She was his. His hardness pressed against her, and he made no move to decrease the pressure. Instead he felt Clara open to him, inviting him inside her with her hips. Without breaking the kiss, he took hold of her wrists again, pinning them over her head. She did nothing but moan her acknowledgement of his pure dominance over her. 

"Stay right there. Just like that. Don't move." 

Abe quickly found the rope he had used earlier on Clara's wrists. This time he wrapped them together and secured them over her head, fixing her arms to the headboard. Clara didn't struggle, except to arch her back and spread her legs further. Abe had her where they both wanted her. He was about to take his time and properly enjoy his wife. 

His first move was to kiss Clara. Clara loved it when he kissed her like this. He managed to make such a possessive, ravishing kiss hold gentleness and safety. Her body felt sufficiently relaxed. When she felt her husband's hands firmly wrap around her rib cage, she arched up, urging him to touch her elsewhere. Abe seemed to be in no hurry though. His hands were big, nearly able to span her entire back. Ever so lightly, he trailed his fingertips down, causing the hair on the back of Clara's neck to stand up. She shivered. 

Abe had Clara where he wanted her, but now he wasn't one hundred percent certain about what he wanted to most do next. His hands continued their path south, and Abe decided to see just how wet Clara had become. She moaned, closing her eyes, and Abe was impressed at how aroused she still was. Absently, he drew circles around her clit, and Clara's breathing became shorter and shallower. His innocent little ballerina wasn't so innocent at all. Her nipples were impressively hard on her small breasts, standing at attention, begging for a pinch or a tweak to further set Clara off. Abe lowered his mouth to suckle her left nipple while his right hand pinched her right gently. As he licked and then sucked hard, he increased pressure, trapping Clara in a predicament of increasingly intense pain and pleasure. 

There was nothing Clara wanted more than for Abe to quit teasing her, abandon the foreplay, and start to really have his way with her. She felt how hard his cock was, and tried squirming to rub against him, but with single-minded determination, her husband ignored her, dangling her on the line of pain and pleasure with nothing more than a rope on her wrists, his mouth and hands. "Please? Please Sir?" 

Abe paused his attentions for a moment. He looked up at Clara's desperate face and winked. With that, he switched sides, his mouth latching onto her right nipple as he rolled and pinched her left between his fingers. 

"Mmmm... Sir please?" 

Abe was not going to stop for interruptions. He ignored Clara's pleas, enjoying the fact that he knew her so well. The attention might be enflaming Clara but she already believed she was at the brink. It was going to take all of Abe's control to prolong their pleasure. 

It was agonizing, lying there being deliciously tortured by Abe's mouth and fingers. Clara wanted him inside her, and he was doing his utmost to deny her. She had been worked up since before they got home, the promise of her punishment and spanking had been enough to make her damp and squirmy as they drove home. Now she'd been spanked and cropped, massaged and bathed, had tried to pleasure Abe, and had found herself helpless and desperate for her climax. After what felt like eternity, she felt his teeth bite her nipple. 

"I'm sorry sweetness, I was distracted. What did you want?" Clara's husband was being a prick now. He knew exactly what she had been begging for. "Please! Please Sir, let me come!" 

Abe pulled away from Clara a bit, resting his weight on his arms on either side of Clara. "Hmmm... Like this?" 

His fingers found her soaking pussy, and started to roughly finger her mound and entrance, teasing her with penetration. She bucked her hips readily. "Yes sir! Please! Please let me come!" 

Abe removed his fingers suddenly. "I'm not sure Clara. I'm not really convinced you deserve to come tonight." Clara paled, and Abe enjoyed the panic. It wasn't often that he threatened to withhold pleasure. 

"That's not fair! Please Sir?" 

"I'll tell you what Clara, the choice is yours. I'm not giving you permission: You still have six strokes with the crop left for tomorrow. If you come, you'll have to have double the strokes, or, if you maintain control your slate will be wiped clean." 

After putting her in this devilish quandary, Abe resumed playing with Clara, finding her clit and gently rolling it. Anxiousness and ecstasy warred with each other over Clara's face. She could barely think about the options Abe had given her. She tried to breath deeply to calm her body. For a moment she believed it would work, but then she felt her husband's comforting weight press against her once more. This time it wasn't a tease. Abraham entered Clara slowly, but with unyielding persistence. 

This was what Abe had been waiting for all night. There really was something about delayed gratification, because Abe didn't know if there was anything Clara could do that could make him desire her more. That is, until she arched up to meet him, pulling against the simple rope bonds that prevented her from having even more skin to skin contact with the man who was driving her wild. 

Achieving this oneness together, Abraham stilled, looked down on Clara and uttered ever so quietly, the truth of their situation: "I love you so much sweetness." 

Clara was nearly undone already. Hanging on by a thread, she moaned. "I love you too." 

Holding onto the moment for just another second, Abe took her mouth starting tenderly. Clara knew as Abe became possessive in his kiss, that this precarious torment would break her restraint. She felt teeth nip at her bottom lip and gasped. With the sound of Clara's rapid exhalation, Abe dispensed with the genteel encounter and sought to fully impress his possession on his stunning wife and submissive. 

Slowly he withdrew, staring a terribly measured pace, not varying in the least, thrusting and pistoning, trying to draw out both their pleasure. He knew Clara wouldn't make it; she was terrible at holding back her pleasure. Frankly, Abe didn't want her to: he loved to see her come apart only for him, only for the things he knew she craved. Like now, he began to add a tease, a grind, a rub to the carnal motions. Clara's eyes were shut, and she grit her teeth, utterly failing to be calm as she felt every nerve ending vibrate. Abe pushed her into higher and higher gear. It was steady and she felt each shift as her body was manipulated perfectly by the man who perfectly knew her. 

Abe didn't hold back his own groans, always taken away by the fact that the beautiful woman surrounding him was his. Her quest for pleasure drove his own, and he felt a shudder pass through the both of them, their physical and mental connection precisely in tune with each other. Another tremor, answered by a thrust with his hips. Again. Once more. Sweat was beading across his broad torso. It was unbelievably warm. Clara begged once more, "Please! Please?" hoping to be granted permission at the last second. 

Abe abandoned the evenness of his pace and let his control abate. Faster and harder now, he felt Clara tighten around his shaft. With a cry Clara's entire body seized. The breath was torn from her lungs, and the tension broke with the involuntary undulations that spread from her core to her fingertips. From Clara's body they jumped to Abe whose spine tingled with the physical rapture they both shared. His masculine grunt reached Clara, who without the benefit of her arms, wrapped her legs around him tightly. Aftershocks of pleasure railroaded her nervous system, and she clung to Abe whose body enjoyed the ease granted by his riotous climax. 

Clara hummed with pleasure, slowly shaking her head back and forth. There was nothing like the way her body felt now. Perhaps it was because it was beyond her control, and there was nothing she was responsible for holding and maintaining. Breathing deeply as her pulse began the descent to rest, she felt muscles stretch and glide back into place, feeling whole and sated. Abraham was kissing Clara's neck as she surfaced from wherever she had been moments before. "Mmmm... you are outstanding. I'm so lucky to have you as my wife." 

"Thank you Sir." Another deep breath and Clara felt her back crack and pop, increasing her relaxed state. Abe withdrew from Clara's wet sheath. She gave a moue, but Abe smiled and kissed the pout away. 

"Good girl Clara." 

"Really?" 

"Well, no- I don't recall giving you permission to come..." 

Clara was still tied, and too spent for the moment to fight her bonds. Instead she looked at Abraham with accusing eyes. "But, you made me... That's not fair at all..." 

Abe began to untie her wrists, rubbing them, admiring the slight indentation the rope traced in her skin as a result of their lovemaking. 

"Who said I play fair Clara? Besides, we'll settle that later. For now, let me hold you." 

"MMmm.. okay." There was nothing Clara liked better than being held warm and safe after a long delicious session with her husband. She nestled into his chest, and tucked her head just under his, against his heart. 

"I can hear your heartbeat." 

She felt the vibrating rumble in Abe's chest as he answered. "Yes. It says "Clara" with every beat." 

Maybe it made him a giant of a sap to say it, but it was true, Abe's heart beat for Clara, and there was nothing more satisfying in the world than holding his darling submissive after claiming her so thoroughly. In no time at all, both he and Clara were asleep.