Dear Readers,

 I know it's been awhile. (And I know that's an understatement.) In gratitude to your patience, I've set this chapter to be the longest one yet. Lots of story and plot, some hot and heavy moments, a few newer characters... hopefully you'll forgive me for my inconsistencies in updating. It's hard to maintain a regular writing schedule. Gratitude goes out to the fans that have nudged me into posting. I'm still so amazed you've enjoyed it this far. I hope it doesn't turn out to be a disappointment. Please remember to suspend your disbelief where appropriate and also know that as fun as fantasy is, that I do not condone anything done to another person without their consent. Comments, votes, and feedback are icing on the cake... 

Xoxo

Poeticlicense91




This was one of James' favorite parts. The end of the second movement was so charged. Everyone in the audience held their breath. The dramatically spaced chords promised virtuosity. James closed his eyes. He knew this part by heart. In front of hundreds of listeners, he let the greatness of Beethoven flow through him and imagined Cecilia kneeling in his studio. He'd been playing the same piece, The Pathetique, when she tempted him so dangerously. James breathed deeply, and his fingers flew to start the third movement.

This part demanded his full attention, and he tried to banish Cecilia from his mind. She was such a distractingly fascinating creature. Even with his head fully engaged with the music the thought of her lingered. The thought of her calm and serene submission that day gave him an ounce more command over Beethoven's Beast... She knew just how to enchant him, by giving herself over entirely. It burnished his ego, knowing that somehow she had tried to seduce him.

James pushed the guilt of his fantasie aside and let Cecilia be his muse for the rest of his performance. She wasn't leaving his mind, so rather than let the piece and audience suffer he let the last of his mental restraints go. 

There was something freeing in letting Cecilia's spiritual presence finally reside in his mind with no self-recriminations. Flawlessly, he played the piece to its conclusion. 

Applause filled the concert hall. James closed his eyes, nodded approval to himself, and arranged his face in an appropriately pleased, yet humble countenance. He stood and stepped in front of the Steinway G. James swept a bow and reached a hand over to the left-hand side, ushering Natasha onstage. 

Natasha sauntered in with her cello. She was wearing a slightly scandalous gown in crimson. The asymmetric neckline and high slit were more daring than was customary for performances at this level. Most female musicians worried about their ensembles upstaging their performances. Natasha didn't seem worried. In fact, the sex appeal she brought was part of her brand. Her exacting performances were also almost "too perfect" for anyone to accuse her of getting by on looks alone.

She bowed and took her seat a bit in front of the piano, near James. They locked eyes, nodded together to each other, and began Rachmaninoff's third cello sonata.

Something different happened. As James played, he noticed a heaviness lift. There was a continued sort of comfort in his playing, left over from his newly freed psyche. He felt it and most certainly heard it. He closed his eyes and was certain that Natasha sounded different too. It was easier to play, he wasn't fighting her exactitude, and instead the resonance in her instrument reached new heights. He looked to her and noticed her body language change. He swallowed. The rigidity he'd come to expect from playing with Natasha was gone entirely. In its place was a fluidity, a purpose. 

Natasha was enjoying this performance immensely. It felt as if she'd reached her peak of understanding with the music and with James. Their practice clearly had paid off. She closed her eyes and was able to hear the music in the present. She was unconcerned with the next phrase or run. She knew the piece too well by now to be concerned. She knew James' playing so well, she could lean on him.

The music flowed around James and Natasha. And as the piece built, a sort of sameness of mind came to both of them. By the third movement, even the audience knew something special was happening. The piece reached its final climax and left everyone shattered. James breathed deeply and gathered his composure. He stood to take his bow with Natasha. He gripped her hand feeling triumphant, and smiled. 

***

After James and Natasha finished their performance, took their bows, and finished the necessary small talk, they were left to their own devices. They had performed exceptionally, even by their own standards. 

Natasha tossed back her sheet of blonde hair as she packed up her cello. "James" her Russian accent made even his name sound like a demand, "where are you staying?"

"I'm at the Mandala, Natasha. Why?"

"Because I thought we might share a cab. We can ride together, yes?" 

Suddenly, James wasn't ready to turn in yet. "I fancied a walk... maybe some dinner. Join me?" But it wasn't much of a question.

"Oh," a slight frown momentarily crossed Natasha's features as she looked down at her stilettos. "I can't. Not in these shoes. Besides. You may not be carrying a piano, but I have my cello."

"Ah. Right. Well... Why don't we take a cab to my hotel for dinner? How does that suit?"

Natasha beamed. "Perfect. A—as you say—capital idea." 

***

It was a bit outlandish to order a 2 Michelin-star dinner at this hour, but that's exactly what they did. FACIL was the restaurant at James' hotel and he was grateful it was still open. 

When they entered the room all the wait staff paused in their duties to stare. Natasha had that affect on people. Her height and striking features usually garnered quite some attention. But it was her icy demeanor offset by the fiery red gown that gave her a compelling aura.

After they were seated, James ordered a bottle of Chablis without consulting Natasha. 

"Oh James, we finished work. I was ready for some chilled vodka with dinner," she whined. James smiled wryly. He couldn't remember the last time he'd been out with a beautiful woman. He also couldn't remember spending this much time alone with Natasha. Usually there was a piano, a cello, and scores of sheet music between them.

Natasha might have complained about the wine, but she loved watching James take the chilled bottle from the ice bucket and top off her glass. He seemed more convivial tonight, and surely they had never "gone out" like this before. 

When the waiter came back to take their order, James cut her off. "The lady will have the duck terrine to start, and then the artic char."

"Very good sir, and for you?"

"The tuna tartar followed by the lamb, medium rare, please."

The waiter nodded his approval and briskly turned away. James raised an eyebrow and waited. Natasha did not disappoint. 

"James! I was going to order something else."

He smiled blandly, as if he couldn't see anything wrong with the situation. "I'm sure what I ordered will be delicious."

Natasha was flustered. "But- that's not fair." 

"I know. But I invited you to dinner, I'm just making sure you enjoy it." Natasha was confused, but her complaint was more for show than genuine objection. 

"I thought tonight went well," James said changing the subject. "You were more interactive than when we were rehearsing. 

"I'd say you were more expressive too. I'm not sure Rachmaninoff would have entirely approved of that interpretation, but it was more..." she was searching for the English word. James supplied it: "Fun."

"Oh, no. No... not fun..."

"Compelling," James offered again.

She shook her head, but James cut off her objection.

"Yes Natasha. Interacting musically like that is fun. Rachmaninoff would have liked people enjoying the playing experience with his music. I heard you tonight. That was compelling. Usually, I hear what your music teachers drilled into you. But tonight it was," he sipped his wine "exquisite. You played with more fervor than I've ever heard before."

Natasha wasn't sure she agreed with this flippant attitude towards musical interpretation, but she liked how James made it sound. She gave a little. "Maybe it was more fun as you say, but it was also..."

"Passionate." James kept finishing her sentences. 

"Yes."

They locked eyes and felt a charge run through them. Natasha shuddered. Her voice caught in her throat. Before she figured out what to say, the waiter appeared with the first course. 

"Frauline, the duck terrine."

"Danka," she replied without breaking eye contact with James. He nodded his thanks as well. 

When they were alone again, James was the first to break the silence. "Taste it."

Natasha would have argued with being told what to do, but she didn't know what else to do. She took a bite and closed her eyes. It was excellent. 

"See?"

Tension built over the meal and James felt the long-forgotten headiness of stalking his prey. He was close. He hadn't bargained on this, but his blood was running hot and Natasha's guard was down. He knew through reputation that Natasha was notoriously exclusive about the company she kept, but she had never once refused to perform with James, and more than once had sought his company only for him to rebuff her advances. As he let the fancy of the situation carry him off, he couldn't remember why he resisted her charms before. She had many. 

Natasha really could have been a super model. As it was, she sometimes had cameos in Russian perfume ads, playing the cello and looking dangerously seductive. Her musicianship was in a class of its own. She understood music in a ruthless, intellectual way that was unusual in a woman. It was sometimes a detriment to her performance; Natasha's playing and understanding was a crusade to attain perfection. The only problem was that she often delivered on that perfection. Her icy persona sliced through music that should be passionate. Instead, she left the true appreciators in awe, but cold, as if she had robbed the music of something in her deliberateness. 

James savored the medium-rare lamb and decided on his next course of action. "What did you like about playing tonight Natasha? Tell me more."

She paused for a moment. "There was less... difficulty tonight. It was more... fluid. I adore when the practice builds into something with momentum like that."

James didn't care particularly why Natasha thought it was better. He knew: It wasn't about rehearsal. It was that he had broken through his emotional barrier. Feelings like that, when amplified through music, are communicated and internalized. Natasha felt the release and responded in kind. It had been the best they performed because an electrical understanding connected them while they played. James liked that she had been able to respond to it. 

With Natasha, that response was akin to submission. She thought interaction or stylistic interpretation fought with what was written. Natasha's adjustment in response to his emotional interpretation was a major victory. She followed his lead, and the results were astonishing.

When they finished, the waiter tried to offer them dessert. James asked the waiter to charge dinner to his room and left a crisp fifty-pound note. He picked up her cello case and escorted Natasha into the hotel's swanky lobby. 

He didn't say a word or ask her if she wanted to follow. The beauty of James' seduction was that usually, at some point, he could stop pursuing and let attraction take its natural course. She followed him to the elevator bank, and stepped inside the brushed stainless steel car.

Natasha was such a confident person, haughty even, but now she felt her self-assurance waver. Some of her coolness thawed as she looked at James. Her eyes questioned him, but now he turned cool, daring her to ask the question that hung in the air. 

It was a tonic to his nerves to see someone as beautiful and talented as Natasha falter, even for just a moment. She wanted this, he could tell. He couldn't remember the last time he'd felt command over a situation like this. He'd had to control himself over the past few months. He'd had to wrest control from the Welsh bastard, he'd had to control Cecilia's environment, and he'd had to control himself around Cecilia—Cecilia! The last time he felt this way . . . he wouldn't think about it now. But, the solace he craved was now here, blessedly uncomplicated and blisteringly hot: He had someone he could control, and he felt no qualms about the direction he was taking.

Natasha had been watching James' unnerving calmness from the opposite corner of the elevator. He crossed the space between them in an instant.

Natasha, in her heels, was actually taller than he was, but she didn't feel the advantage. James kissed her neck urgently. She purred and he nipped her earlobe. Coming to meet her lips he felt Natasha surrender and willingly return his kiss. 

Ding!

They were at his floor. He grabbed her hand (and her cello) and led her purposefully to his room. Her long strides kept up with his. When he got to his locked room Natasha started loosening his tie. James slid the electronic key home, and pulled her in after him. 

The gorgeously appointed suite was the last thing on Natasha's mind. She kicked her shoes off, and now at eye-level with James, resumed unbuttoning his shirt. He kissed her and ran his dexterous fingers across her one bared shoulder. James shirt was unbuttoned, but his jacket was still on. In one movement he shucked them both off. Natasha admired her handy-work for a brief moment before James stepped around and behind her, looking for the zipper to Natasha's dress. "Don't move." Natasha had been about to help him undress her. "SShhhh," he breathed. She had been about to say something.

"Just like tonight. Just let me take you where I want to go."

"But- James-"

"Hush," he said. With that he gave her a sharp swat to the behind. It made Natasha gasp and start. Then she laughed in spite of herself. James ignored her outburst of laughter as he found the zipper and tugged it down with a single motion. 

James wondered if she had planned this. "Natasha..." he breathed somewhat in awe. As the silky material pooled to the floor she was left in scarlet lingerie. 

"'Tasha,' James." She corrected him and stepped away from the red satin on the floor. Her movements challenged his. James had every intention of stripping her bare before he'd let her continue removing his clothes, but clearly she had other plans. She raked her fingers through his hair and kissed him. All the ice had gone from her; she was fiery now.

Natasha's seduction was very direct. She continued to kiss him as she tugged at his belt buckle and unbuttoned his trousers. She broke the kiss to kneel down, trailing her fingers down James' chest and tucking her fingers underneath the waistband of his boxer briefs. James admired her enthusiasm. With the removal of his clothes she set straight to work licking his hard cock. He couldn't start counting all of his rules that she'd broken, but as she took the head of his cock into his mouth, he couldn't remember why he cared. 

James looked down at the blonde bombshell. He was in a dream. He exhaled deeply through his nose. When Tasha started to struggle to take him deeper down her throat he thought he would come just from the sight of her. She pulled back though, and practically skipped over to the bed and started removing her scanty covering. Then she laid back and her hair fell around her like a golden halo. She was anything but angelic as she licked her fingers, looked James straight in the eye and started to rub her pussy. She stared moaning, beckoning him over with her movements. For an interminable space of time he watched. This side of her was so different. The restrained cellist was gone. In her place was a new and different performer.

James was in unfamiliar territory. He was ready to play, but Tasha seemed to have her own rules. He wanted to spank her for being a tease. He went to the bed and hovered over her for a minute, deciding what to do. 

"Fuck me James." It was a demand, but he had no reason to deny himself, so he crawled over her, kissed her roughly and entered her swiftly.

She was wet from playing with herself moments before. "MMmm. James... so good..." James agreed. She was warm and tight around him. He started to build a quick pace. Tasha wrapped her legs around him trying to draw him in further, shifting her hips with his movements.

For all her complaints about too much emotion in the music, and her shock at how much passion with which they could perform, Tasha was a surprisingly sensual lover. James felt her claw at his back. He wanted to feel her yield to him the way she had when they played earlier, only more. He wanted a physical surrender now. 

He bent over her to kiss her. Closer, God she felt so good. She was hot and alert. He watched as he thrust powerfully, and she gasped in response. He tried to hold her arms and pin her wrists, but she resisted his guidance. 

"Fuck me harder James. Ahhh... Yes. Like that. Again!" James did as she requested, glad that he didn't have to be gentle at the moment. It had been a while since he'd last been with a woman, and Natasha's teasing made his need all the more urgent. 

"Ohh. James! More like that! Mmmm. So good James, just a bit more..."

Natasha was a more demanding lover than James was used to, but it was a breath of fresh air to have such uninhibited physical intimacy. 

All the effort Natasha exerted in her quest for musical and technical perfection was gone. The Tasha beneath James was a different being altogether, and James liked the change. He ground into her sex and heard her moan more approval. She might be a demanding lover, but it wasn't hard for James to figure out what she liked. 

Her lusty vocalizations drove James on, until finally he could hold off no longer. His release was what Tasha needed. Her whole body grew rigid and she arched her back. James felt the uniquely masculine triumph of bringing a beautiful woman to climax. He held her face and kissed her, ravishing her mouth as he had just ravished her body. 

Tasha hugged James close, pressing him even closer to her. Sweat and lust were all that were between them. She rocked her hips rhythmically, stirring up another round of desire from James. With considerable eagerness, Tasha rolled them both over. 

She straddled James' waist, smoldering. "And now it's my turn." Her accent was thicker, making it sound like some dirty language made for the two of them. James growled. Tasha squeezed him, and if anything, fanned his ardor, which hadn't even begun to wane. His blood was so hot that he gladly let Natasha continue to have her way. He never usually had a woman on top, but then, none of the submissive women he'd been with had been allowed to take command of this particular situation. He found that it wasn't entirely objectionable. But that was the last thought he gave to it as Tasha started to ride him in earnest, leaning forward slightly to leverage herself. 

It was so good. James lay back and watched quite a show as Tasha's exertions showed her gorgeous figure off to full effect. Her generous breasts bounced lewdly and her soft stomach fluttered with her own excitement. She applied herself admirably, playing James with a mastery typical of such a perfectionist. He closed his eyes for a moment and let the sensation overwhelm his usually ceaseless thoughts. He was startled by a sharp pain on his left nipple. "Argh!" He jerked sharply, nearly toppling Tasha off the bed. He caught her instantly and she grinned at him. He couldn't believe she bit him!
He moved his hands, which had been squeezing her hips and started to spank her round bottom. 

"Ouch! Oh James, don't be like that."

"Such a bad girl Tasha. Biting me like that... Mmm..."

She twisted her hips again, grinding him with acuity. "Don't be like that James. If I'm bad, then why am I making you feel so good? Hmm?" She punctuated the question with a lick of her lips and started licking her way up to his abdomen and to his chest. She looked him straight in the eye and bit his right nipple, all the while moving so that her slick sheath massaged his cock perfectly. He couldn't object at the moment. It felt too good. And she was so hot in this animalistic fucking. 

With little effort, he turned them both over again. He saw Tasha start to pout, but he couldn't help it. He pounded her with force, both of them gasping and moaning incoherently. James returned the favor, and quickly took Tasha's hard nipple between his teeth. She let out a high-pitched sound somewhere between a moan and a scream. She wrapped her legs back around him even as she tried to push him away and stop him "You started it darling," was all James had to say to her protest. 

One more powerful thrust from James and Tasha's weak protest was lost in another, more powerful, orgasm. Her spasming pussy milked his cock, and he succumbed a second time. Even in the throes of orgasm she coaxed the last of his come from his cock, completely satisfying his desires.

He rolled off her and let the powerful surges ripple along the full length of his body. He closed his eyes and felt a pleasant floating sensation. God it was so good. He felt wonderfully drowsy, actually tired, and blessedly fulfilled.

Natasha for her part felt smug. After recovering some, she turned to her side, leaned on her elbow and looked at the man who she had wrung so much pleasure from. She'd been an admirer of James for a long time. For some reason she trusted his musical integrity more than anyone else. He surprised her tonight with his impromptu musicology tangent, but he was the caliber of musician who would never compromise his musicianship. She felt the same way. And now she'd been able to seduce him. He finally succumbed to her pursuit. And the sex. The sex was amazing and hot and spontaneous in a way she had only dreamed it would be. 

James opened his eyes to see Tasha, in all her naked glory, staring down at him. She looked like the cat that got the cream. Now that their passions had subsided, he could take her in. If possible, she was even more unspeakably beautiful. She seemed less haughty lazing in the nude. She had luxurious curves, and the air of expectance was gone. He reached up to caress her neck, feeling her pulse underneath her skin. He didn't say anything. She held his hand and kissed his fingers, then his wrist and arm, to his shoulder and neck, finally making her way to his lips. It wasn't fevered this time. It was a passionate, gentle kiss. 

"Stay the night." James whispered breaking the kiss. It wasn't a request.

"I thought I already was."

"So presumptuous," he murmured

"Mmmm..." Tasha resumed kissing him. 

James disentangled himself from Tasha, and grabbed hold of the room's phone.

"Hello? Yes. Suite 389. I'd like to order room service. Is it possible to get caviar service and chilled vodka? Yes? Good. Thank you."

He hung up the phone and looked at Tasha who was smiling broadly. 

***

James woke up with the slightest of hangovers, and Natasha's warm body next to his. After a snack of caviar and blinis, washed down with chilled vodka, the two resumed their frantic lovemaking. It was midmorning now, but James couldn't be bothered with worrying about how late they'd slept in. He called for tea, scones, and an English breakfast to brought up. Tasha was still sleeping, so he left her in bed, pulled on a plush terrycloth robe, and took his laptop to the sitting room just outside the bedroom. 

His email program pinged him with a note from a Berlin music critic. Attached was a review of last night's performance. The man was kind enough to give him a translation: Apparently the performance was very well received. The review was glowing. Berlin was a difficult city to win over, especially for foreign musicians. 

Natasha came in, naked as the day she was born. "There you are. I forgot where I was for a moment."

"I ordered breakfast. Take a look at this." James motioned to his laptop. He stroked her neck and hair as she bent over to read the email from the music critic. 

"Oh! Oh! James!" Tasha was hopping up and down in her excitement, giving James the most erotic morning show he'd ever seen. "This is good! This is amazing! In Berlin!"

"I know. It's quite unexpected. I gather you're pleased?" Natasha's long, long legs were jumping and her luscious tits bouncing as she took in the good news.

Just then, the bell rang, announcing the arrival of breakfast. Natasha skipped back into the bedroom to slip into a robe and let James handle the door. 

They settled to tuck into breakfast. They sat too close to each other, stealing touches and deep kisses. They were ready to descend into further intimacy, but they had a rehearsal scheduled. "We have to live up to expectations now." Natasha chided. She was right, but James didn't want to tear himself away. He was hard again, and now that he knew what an expert lover Tasha was, the anticipation fanned his ardor. 

Natasha was donning her gown from last night. James didn't have anything to lend her. "How far away is your hotel?"


"Not too far. I am at the Ritz." She smiled ruefully. She would make quite a sight returning to the hotel in a scarlet evening gown in the mid-afternoon. She was unabashed by her coming walk of shame. 

James kissed her once more in the elevator. He insisted on helping her into a cab. "I'll see you back at the concert hall."

He returned to his room with a lift in his step. He couldn't believe the change in his outlook from yesterday to today. After months of depression and self-inflicted punishment James had turned a corner. 

***

James arrived early to the concert hall. Natasha wasn't there yet, and they were scheduled to rehearse almost everything before the Berlin Philharmoniker arrived so that James could guest-conduct Prokofiev's third symphony. Alone in the acoustically tuned room with a Stienway G all to himself, James sat at the bench, lifted the lacquered cover, and outlined some chords that weren't the least bit classical. They weren't romantic even. 

He started tapping out an eighth note with his left heel, outlined a chord progression with his left hand, and let his fancy fill in the rest. James came to love jazz in America. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the fact that right now, there really wasn't a wrong note to play. 

His mind filled in where he wanted a drummer with some brushes to hold down the pocket. This was a freedom in which he rarely indulged. He hummed along with the spontaneous music he was creating. In his mind's eye he imagined Tasha, naked, straddling him again, just like last night. Just the thought made his cock start to harden. 

A staccato rhythm interrupted his fantasy. He stopped mid-phrase. Tasha was walking towards him with a beguiling smile on her face. Gone was the red dress. She was in head-to-toe black, wearing slacks and a matching blazer that was supposed to be conservative, only her silky camisole had a plunging neckline. She'd accentuated the feature with a long, thin, gold chain that dipped right between her delicious cleavage. 

"That doesn't sound like Rachmaninoff, James." Tasha was trying to tease him. 

"No. It's more like Bach." James smiled at his own quip, but clearly Natasha didn't want to talk about improvisation. 

She set down her cello case down and pulled out her instrument. James started loosely playing parts from the cello sonata, but inserted plenty of chords with jazzy extensions. Natasha frowned at James' musical playfulness. Once she was set up, she turned to him with much seriousness. 

"Enough of that James. You are a much better pianist than that." The comment caught him off guard. He thought Natasha was loosening up. 

"Okay. If you're ready we can do this for real now." James tried not to sigh. He was only being playful.

"Good. Let's begin."

The momentary schism was overcome immediately. They sounded good. If possible, they were improving upon last night's rendition...

James' excitement for performance was returning. He couldn't wait to see what Natasha would wear tonight, and couldn't wait to take her out of it when the show was over.

***

"Encore!"

"Bravo!"

"Encore! More!"

James glanced at Natasha. She hadn't disappointed. She was wearing a strapless turquoise column this evening. She held the neck of her cello in her left hand and squeezed James' hand with her right. They beamed and took another bow. She raised an eyebrow as if to ask, "Should we play an encore?" James shook his head though. He preferred to keep them wanting. Besides, they hadn't rehearsed anything else, and it would be in poor taste to take an encore since the orchestra had refrained. 

He pulled them backwards to allow the curtain to close.

***

"Ahhh!!" Tasha moaned in approval as James thrust powerfully into her center. She was incoherent after her first climax and was already building to a more powerful second. James, for his part, loved the way he was able to make Natasha respond. She could be so picky when they rehearsed, but when they came together like this, they were of one mind. 

He bent to nibble her ear, only to have her jerk her head away. She forced her hips up to his, trying to force him deeper. With lust-fueled strength she lifted herself up and circled his neck with her arms. 

Right before Tasha's body tensed with her second orgasm, James found his release and shot cum deep into her. They threw their heads back and were momentarily silent. James collapsed on top of Tasha, their bodies so slippery with sweat from their lovemaking that their combined heat was almost too much. 

James wanted to hold Tasha close, but he was overheating from exertion. Too soon, he withdrew. Tasha's pussy was still spasming gently, the ravages of her orgasm easing into gentler tremours. She moaned in protest at James' withdrawal. 

"No. Not yet." She whined.

"Maybe a bit later. You're spent. Look at you." It was true. Her hair was in complete disarray, and she was in a deeply languorous state. James wasn't sure when she would come back down. Her aquamarine dress was thrown over the footboard. Her lacy undergarments were literally thrown across the suite. James knew her heels were kicked off somewhere near the door. And as for his own clothes, they were in a slightly more orderly heap by the bed. 

The evening's performances were nothing short of flawless. James reflected on his duet with Natasha. He'd never had this level of intimacy with a musician before. This was unprecedented and it was clear that it greatly improved the quality of their music. He was feeling what she felt, and he was sure she felt the same way. In bed they were amplifying these feelings, and emphasizing this oneness. For once, his love life and his artistic life were on the same page. 

***

James and Natasha's next stop was Minsk. They were scheduled to tour together for the next two months, making their way across Eastern Europe and into Russia, until they had to part ways in Tokyo. From there, Natasha would return to Russia, and James would start the next phase of his tour with Mae.

Natasha was thrilled to have James all to herself on their travels. On stage, he was a perfect musical partner. In between rehearsals and performances, he was attentive and romantic. Sometimes his attention to her was overwhelming. He noticed everything. She loved the push and pull between them, the way the energy shifted back and forth. On the whole, she had him wrapped around her finger. He tried to make demands of her, but didn't push her when she decided she wanted something else. Usually, it was in bed where they played an invisible game of tug-of-war, each trying to assert control and both tumbling over the edge in rapturous pleasure. 

Their flight to Minsk was relatively short, only an hour and a half. They had been in the air for about half an hour, but Tasha was sound asleep. Fair enough, they hadn't slept much last night. James watched her gentle breathing, and imagined the breathless way she'd made him come last night. He looked to her wrist and enjoyed seeing the black enamel Halcyon Days bangle on her wrist. She'd been surprised when he slipped it on her wrist before their last performance in Berlin. 

It wasn't a collar, true. But then, James was reconsidering the dark part of himself, the part that demanded control and obedience. He was taking this time away from London to reassess some of his choices. He didn't regret Josephine's departure anymore. They never would have been happy. And Cecilia. . . his weakness for someone like her nearly ruined her life. His own life was enormously complicated by it. It had been a grave error in judgment to pursue someone like her. He was somewhat disgusted with the relief he felt being away from her. Proximity to the girl was too much for him to bear for sustained periods of time. His dual nature was at war with itself whenever he even looked at her. 

But Natasha! Here was a gorgeous woman who knew him as an artist, who didn't care about the prestige and society he'd given up to pursue art. Instead, she could match him musically. He couldn't even contemplate what dominating her would be like. It was simply an impossibility. She was too controlling herself. This must be what a healthy, normal relationship was like. The power dynamic wasn't predetermined like his other relationships. But her passion was it's own erotic delight. When he had her underneath him he felt a potent, if very different, source of power. She was headstrong and stubborn, wouldn't cooperate unless she felt like it, and that meant his seduction had to hit all the right notes. She was a challenge, and a bit of a handful, but watching her come undone was worth it.

His relationship with Natasha was heady because it was proof that James didn't have to be in control all the time. In fact, a relationship with her wouldn't work if he asserted that desire. It was time for him to pack away those fantasies. She was beautiful and talented; he didn't need the extra trappings. Wanting the rest of his fantasies implied that there was something lacking when there wasn't.

***

Minsk treated them even better than Berlin did. By the time they reached Kiev, international music critics were asking for interviews. The community of elite musicians was abuzz with the reports of the musical perfection the two attained when they played in tandem. 

In Kiev, Natasha stunned James. He never wanted to take an encore, even after she suggested they practice another piece just in case. Tasha thought he was too reserved and modest for a man of his talent. She looked to him to see if today would be the day he took an encore with her. 

He smiled but shook his head. Taking an encore didn't serve the music. It seemed gratuitous to him. Perhaps he was a bit too English in that respect, but that's just the way he was. A look crossed Tasha's face. A brief spark lit her features, and as hundreds of people in the hall applauded their performance, she pivoted on her toes, and kissed James full on the mouth. He was flabbergasted and didn't respond right away. What was she doing?! 

But then the whistles and cheers grew louder and less restrained. He smiled in spite of himself and returned her kiss, possessing her fully for just a moment before they broke the kiss, bowed one more time, and let the curtain fall. 

Tasha was turned on by the exhibitionism. She was beside herself with pride to have captured James' attentions so thoroughly. She wanted everyone to know she had won such an elusive prize. She turned to pack up her cello, and saw James' stoic face.

"What is wrong James?" she thought he would be pleased. She'd just declared her feelings to the world. She'd never done that before.

James paused, trying to figure out the right words. He valued his privacy. He wasn't one to revel in celebrity or exhibitionism. Outside the musical community and certain cultured circles in London society he enjoyed relative anonymity. But Tasha's display changed that. It changed the dynamic between them. 

"I- I- guess I just didn't expect that." The relationship was still so new, he hadn't thought of dealing with attention like this. 

"Oh, come on James! They loved it! It's such a romantic story: Two amazing musicians, magical performances, both young and beautiful... There have been rumors about the two of us for weeks." Tasha was feeling playful now.

That much was true. Rumors had been circulating, but James didn't care to acknowledge them.

"Yes, but now they're not just rumors. Now everyone knows. I would have preferred to talk about this first." James felt undermined. 

"Come on. Now everyone knows you're mine. Tell me that doesn't turn you on to know that I want everyone to know..." 

That wasn't the point. He walked to her and looked at her face intently. She didn't break eye contact. She seemed so pleased, expected him to be so excited. He supposed he ought to be flattered. Tasha's icy reputation was well known, and she enjoyed the air of selectivity it gave her. Choosing to show she was in a relationship with someone so publicly was quite a signal from her.

"Well, when you put it like that. . ."

"I knew you'd see it my way." With that she unbuttoned the collar of his black dress shirt. "I'm off the market now, and everyone knows it's because of you."

Tasha's ego was something else, but James didn't wholly dislike her spin on this. "You don't think it's too soon?" he asked as she kissed his neck.

"Live a little James! I know I'm happy about where this is heading." She kissed his mouth and silenced his doubts. The chemistry was so strong he let himself get swept away, returning her kiss and trying to enjoy Tasha's enthusiasm. She was insatiable and he felt their mutual need building. "Let's get out of here then."

***

After Natasha's stunt, requests for interviews became nearly unmanageable. Publications that normally took no interest in classical music were asking for photo shoots. James' agent called with contracts for various endorsements. Natasha was booked to walk in a runway show when their tour was over. When they arrived in Moscow they were greeted warmly, with exceptional hospitality. Somehow, as a couple, James and Natasha had achieved a celebrity status far beyond the scope of classical musicians.

In her home country, Natasha was a sensation. Candid photos of the two of them having dinner and walking around Moscow made it into the society pages. James couldn't wait for it all to blow over. Tasha loved it though, and took it as her due.

***

Abe pulled out the culture section of the Sunday Times. He usually set it aside for Clara and read the news and sports pages. He did a double take when he saw a photo of his best mate. It looked as if the tour was going well. He scanned the page further and saw another photo of James. This time he was locked in an ardent kiss with Natasha Dubnikov. Abe swallowed. This was so unlike James who liked to keep everything coolly professional. He read the whole page, reading the columnist's glowing review of the duo—no—couple's performance, and getting snippets of the budding romance.

He found Clara enjoying her day off in the kitchen, no doubt preparing something wonderful for dinner. Cecilia was with her, naturally. The two were practically inseparable. Normally, that wouldn't have troubled Abraham, but he wasn't sure he wanted Cecilia to see this. 
"Clara, can you help me find my keys? I can't find them anywhere."

His wife looked up. "Are they in your jacket pocket? You leave them there sometimes." 

"No. No, I've checked there. Do you know where else they could be?"

Abraham didn't usually loose track of his keys. He was well-organized in that department. Clara set down her knife on the cutting board and went to help her husband. "When did you last see them?"

Abe led them out of earshot and handed Clara the paper. "Actually, I just wanted you to see this. Look."

"Oh!" Clara was happy to see James' performances were going well, but then she saw why Abe had led her away from Cecilia. "Oh. Well, that's—"

"Unexpected. Right?"

"I'd say. Wow. Well, she is stunning," Clara conceded, handing the newsprint back to Abe. "As long as he's happy. . .?" 

"What happens if Cecilia finds out?"

"Do we have to tell her?" Clara didn't like that prospect. This was awkward.

"I suppose not."

"I guess that's why he hasn't called?"

"Well, he needed to shake things up too. I just didn't expect that, or her." 

"It happens all the time in the dance world." Clara offered. "And at least she's not likely to leave him for his being an artist."

Abe shrugged. That much was true. "I don't know. I don't know her well, but she doesn't strike me as . . . his . . . type."

"No. But, who's to say? James is quite a catch. And people can surprise you."

"I'd be lying if I said this didn't worry me." 

"I seem to recall being told not to meddle in others' personal lives," Clara teased. 

Abe spanked her ass. "You're right. I guess we'll just be happy for them?"

"I think that's all we can do for now." Clara said simply. "I've got to finish chopping those vegetables if we're going to eat before midnight."

Abe kissed Clara on the forehead. "Off you go then." He sent her off with another quick swat to the bum. 

***

"Beautifully done Clara. I think you'll get a leading role in Streetcar for certain." Clara smiled and gracefully accepted the compliment. 

"Thank you Sebastian. So many other girls have worked so hard as well. And I'm only a soloist. I hope we made it a difficult decision at least."

Today was the last company class before the artistic directors made final decisions about casting. A Streetcar Named Desire was going to be a major premiere for the company, and the directors had taken unusual measures in opening lead auditions up to soloists. Clara thought they were looking for the most viable understudies. She didn't try to get too ahead of herself, but Sebastian's compliment was welcome in any case. You couldn't underestimate the opinion of the principals; they often had the choreographer's ear in casting matters, especially when it came to pairing dancers off. 

Clara went to towel off and start rolling out her muscles. Sebastian followed her. "And how has Cecilia been? I haven't seen her lately." That was true. Clara had done her best to keep Cecilia away from Sebastian. It was healthy for her to be with the other girls, but she didn't know what to do about Sebastian's interest in Cecilia. 

"She's been doing other things I expect." Clara had interfered enough. 

"Has she said anything about me?" he queried.

No. leave me out of this. "You'd have to ask her I'm afraid."

"I would. But I seem to have lost her contact." 

Because she didn't give it to you... "Oh? Really? Well, next time you see her I suppose..." 

Just then Gabrielle came over.

"Did you say you needed Cecilia's contact Sebastian? I have her mobile." 

Clara tried to hold her groan in. Gabrielle was only trying to be helpful, she knew, but this was not helping. 

"Gabrielle, I know Cecilia really... values her privacy... maybe check with her before you give her number out?" 

Gabrielle considered for a moment. "Yes. Of course." Clara breathed a sigh of relief. Then Gabrielle continued, "Why don't you catch her after our yoga class and ask her yourself?"

Clara wanted to shake Gabrielle. If Sebastian kept this up, Clara was going to end up with another sore bottom that had nothing to do with dancing or cross training. She set this terrible chain of events in motion before she knew what the collateral damage could be. Now that she knew, she wanted to go back in time. She never should have tried to set Sebastian and Cecilia up. But it was too late. She had to maintain Abe's policy of noninterference. 

"Gracias, Gabriella. I think I'll do that."

Clara could only hold a fixed smile and hope that Cecilia would rebuff him.

***

A few days later, Clara's prayers were soundly denied. She saw Sebastian outside the yoga studio before everyone else. She tried to linger back. Dawdling with her yoga mat and asking the front desk about upcoming workshops didn't buy her enough time. Sebastian was fervent in his desire to see Cecilia again, and Clara could do nothing to stop him. 

Mackenzie and Sophie spotted Sebastian and stopped to chat. "Perfect. Just brilliant!" Clara thought to herself. "I've really done it now."

Sure enough, as soon as Clara and Cecilia exited the studio, Sebastian extricated himself from the corps and zeroed in on Cecilia. 

"Como estas, Cecilia?"

The greeting jolted Cecilia. "Buen. Y tu?"

"Perfecto ahora. It's been too long querrida."

"What do you mean?" 

For a moment, Clara hoped Cecilia would just move along and forget him. Her hopes were dashed when Sebastian donned his signature winning smile and said, 

"Hermosa, I asked you to share dinner with me. Tell me you won't break my heart and refuse me now."

Cecilia and the rest of the girls were taken with Sebastian's earnest pleading. Some of the ballerinas glanced at each other. Speculation tinged with a hint of jealousy spiced surreptitious murmurs. It was so romantic: Sebastian's forthright invitation and rather public confession were from a bygone era. Cecilia was so lucky to be the object of his attention. 

With all the eyes around her, Cecilia didn't know what to do. She looked to Clara for a moment. She was passive. She looked to Gabrielle, Alicia, and Sophie who seemed to be encouraging her silently with microscopic nods and raised eyebrows. She looked to Sebastian's comely features, athletic build, and welcoming body language. 

"Okay then. Yes. We're still on." The girls around her broke into more obvious whispers and some giggled.

"Perfecto. Next Friday? Tell me you are free."

Cecilia nodded. "I am." More hushed conversations.

"Cecilia, you don't know how happy you've made me! I'll pick you up at 6 on Friday?" He didn't wait for Cecilia to respond. He handed Cecilia his smart phone, already with a new contact window open. "I'll call you later." He sounded somewhat rushed, as if he had to be off somewhere soon. Cecilia typed her number into his phone quickly, feeling a little shaky. When she handed it back to him he checked his phone and started tapping away. 

"There. I texted you. You have my number now." He ignored the small audience and moved closer to her. "Text me," he said in a lower voice. With that, he kissed her on the temple chastely, and turned to walk away. Far from being in a hurry though he set off at a leisurely pace, hands in his pockets, beaming at passersby.

The girls around Cecilia started buzzing as soon as Sebastian was out of earshot. 

"What are you going to wear?"

"How long has this been going on?"

"Why didn't you say anything?!"


Cecilia blushed deeply, not used to being the center of attention, and not sure whom to answer first.

"Well, I suppose at the opening night of Alice..." 

Clara swallowed and said nothing. This was entirely her doing.

***

James walked into the empty concert hall. His footfalls echoed strangely in the acoustically tuned room; he could feel the solitude. He'd been surrounded by people since he and Tasha traveled through Russia. He wasn't used to the constant socializing, preferring to keep to himself. It was better here in Tokyo, if only just. Mae pulled a few strings and got someone to let him in the concert hall. It was late, nearly 10 pm, but he was jet lagged and wanted to practice in peace.

He hadn't been properly alone since meeting up with Tasha in Berlin. He was either with her, or with other musicians, or at some event or other. His agent kept calling with different business opportunities. Deutsche Grammophon was interested in a live recording . . . It was all good news, but it didn't sit well with James. It felt fraudulent because Tasha's little encore precipitated all this attention, cheap even. James sat at the piano and closed his eyes.

The Bosendorfer had a heavy action, and James could dig into the instrument. He started with the Pathetique, flying through the first movement, as if exorcising unacknowledged fury. 

At the start of the second movement, he breathed deeply. Unbidden, Cecilia wandered into his mind. He missed sneaking glances her way. He wondered if she was happier with him gone. He wondered if he'd be able to keep his promise and play this piece for her. James had kept thoughts of Cecilia to a minimum since he started seeing Tasha. Now that she was there, he couldn't shake her. He remembered that quiet dinner alone with Cecilia sharing a bottle of wine and some Indian take-out. That night had been so simple.

James' mind wandered so far away from the piece that when he returned his focus to the task at hand, he couldn't remember which part he was playing. He was glad he was alone so no one could hear his mistakes. He was so thoroughly distracted that he discarded the pretense of practicing and played the things that were weighing on his heart. 

It was easier to acknowledge his feelings this way. He heard variations on sadness and regret, scales of confusion, and chords that kept his mind firmly enraptured with Cecilia's potential. He played wandering notes again but in the relative minor, with foreboding. He tried to stave off this desire. He switched gears and thought about Natasha instead, but all feeling and creativity left him then. She didn't like overly expressive playing and despite her musical vocabulary and training, she couldn't improvise. He took a breath and began Bach's Goldberg Variations instead. 

About halfway through James gave up. He couldn't concentrate properly. He felt boxed in. He wasn't yet half-done with the tour, but it was taxing him greatly. Tasha also demanded his energy and attention. He needed a break from this stuffy world where everyone seemed to be watching him.

As he had that thought, Natasha strolled in. It wasn't until he was in her presence that James realized he was avoiding her. He needed a chance to re-center and focus. 

Natasha was all distraction. She was dressed for the evening in an airy black blouse and a clingy floor-length burgundy skirt. The thigh-high slit did away with any pretensions at modesty, and showed off her Jimmy Choo's to great affect. 

"Mae said I would find you here." She sat down next to him on the piano bench.

"I figured I'd let you get the rest if you could. I'm wide awake." James covered the keys.

"Well, I'm awake now. I thought we could get a late dinner together."

"I ate with Mae before she helped me get in here to practice. I'm not very hungry at the moment."

Natasha swiveled around on the bench, facing James directly with her elbows leaning on the covered keys. She gave the smallest pout. "But I am. Come on, James. Have a drink with me while I eat?" 

James considered for a moment. Natasha presented another option. "Or we could go back to the hotel . . . work up an appetite and order room service . . ."

After that first night in Berlin, they regularly enjoyed room service and mind-blowing sex. Tasha surprised him with her sexual appetite. She started to tug at the buttons on his collar, looking him straight in the eye. He was bemused at the challenge her blue eyes offered. She smiled at him, somewhat defiantly. After opening his collar, she reached for his neck. James leaned back. He wanted to see her work for it.

He knew men fell at Tasha's feet. In Russia especially, she was in her element. She had no shortage of admirers, and she hadn't been shy or embarrassed when they flirted with her. James took it in stride, and then realized what a statement Tasha had been making with her public displays of affection.

Now that they were away from all that though, James felt on edge. Tasha leaned forward and kissed him possessively, her hand tracing the planes of his chest reaching to finish removing his shirt. James had no intention of removing his clothes on the stage of the concert hall. Instead, he took her wrist in one hand and guided it behind her back. She paused at this change. He took this chance to start pulling the pins out of her tightly coiled bun. 

Tasha felt off balance on the bench and tried to pull her arm back around, but James' grip was firm. "James, my hair!"

"Shhh. I like it down." He enjoyed her when she was uncertain. All the haughtiness dissolved. There were more pins in her hair than he thought. He nibbled her jaw line and tossed the offending pins away. "There." He said when her blonde locks tumbled around her face and shoulders. "Gorgeous. Stay like that."

Natasha pouted. With her free hand she clung to James' shoulder. He finally felt excitement. This wasn't just on Natasha's terms anymore. He lifted her up and sat her down on his lap. She could feel his hardness beneath her. James took advantage of the slit in her skirt, and ran his hand up her thigh. Without much coaxing, she straddled him.

James squeezed her round ass, and pushed her long skirt until it was practically around her waist. Then he kissed her, adding a bite to her lower lip, just to hear her slight gasp. 

Her long legs folded in and she was kneeling over James' hips. Nothing about the position was submissive though. She started to fiddle with the buttons of her blouse, bracing one arm on the piano behind James' back. He wasn't ready to let her turn the tables just yet. Instinctually, James twined his hand in her hair. He tugged back, exposing Tasha's entire throat. With his free hand he traced the lines of her neck with the backs of his fingers. She shuddered, and exhaled showing off her ample breasts with each breath.

Tasha was not used to dalliances like this. She wasn't sure how she felt about the tug on her hair, but his fingers on her throat were sensual, and she couldn't believe how hot she felt. James' fingers started at her pulse and continued to trace a path lower. She was ready for him to discard her blouse, but instead he let go of her hair, wrapped an arm around the small of her back, and snuck his hand beneath her skirt. She was wearing a lacy thong, which James moved out of the way. He was rewarded when he heard her breath catch. He smiled devilishly when he felt her wetness. 

With two fingers he teased at her entrance. The teasing wasn't enough, and James felt Tasha press harder into his hand seeking further stimulation. He loved making a woman weak at the knees. Tasha required a different touch. This was far from the power exchange he was accustomed to, but it was the most he'd indulged in his dark side in months. James found Tasha's clit and rolled it softly at first, increasing in pressure and speed. 

Tasha was having trouble thinking and balancing. James' fingers were driving her wild. She was afraid she would fall over, but the risk and exposure made this encounter exciting. Tasha spread her legs further, seeking greater stimulation. She wanted him to stop teasing her. She could feel his erection and wanted him inside her. Happy to have her hands free, she reached for James' belt buckle. He groaned but "tsked" her. 

Natasha couldn't understand why James was behaving so strangely. She was used to setting the pace and having her way. James slowed his movement on her pussy. "Not here." He said with some authority. Usually, men couldn't wait for her to ride them. She moaned loudly as he renewed his digital manipulation of her pussy. His fingers were inside her and his thumb put exquisite pressure on her clit. James kissed her possessively and while her body was ready to succumb entirely, part of her resented James' high-handedness.

She felt so good; she was so close. James pulled away from the kiss and whispered in her ear, his voice low and husky, "Let's go back to the suite and finish this." 

Tasha couldn't believe he was proposing a change of venue now. She was so close. His hand left her, and Tasha whimpered. She tossed her hair back and took it as a challenge. Her dark blue eyes met James' light blue ones, and she reached to finish what James' started. He chuckled softly. Without uttering another word, he was scooping Natasha up and off his lap. 

"James! What are you doing?"

"Come on. You wanted to do room service tonight."

"Now?"

James was already walking off the stage towards the service exit of the venue, smiling.

"Yes. Come on little girl!" he teased.

That was taking it too far. "Don't call me that, James!"

James paused at the sharpness in her voice and turned around. She wasn't following him. He briskly walked back to her. Outrage written on every inch of her demeanor. He decided to change tactics.

James leaned in to kiss her. She was stiff and didn't return it. His voice was softer now, seductive and placating. "I want you, but not here." Without waiting for her response, James swept her off her feet and carried her with him.

Once outside and on the street he kissed her, and set her down. Tasha returned his kiss this time, flustered, but momentarily appeased by the romantic gestures.

Their hotel was just down the busy neon-lit street from where the concert hall. After a quick jaunt up the busy street, James and Natasha were ensconced in the quiet of the hotel lobby, then the elevator, then their shared room.

James noticed a change come over Natasha. She was eyeing James darkly. She started unbuttoning her blouse, and let it fall from her shoulders. In just her bra and long skirt she advanced towards James and pushed him onto the bed. She kissed and bit his neck as she removed his shirt. She was going to finish what they started. 

James savored the budding triumph of subtly topping Natasha. He breathed deeply and let it go reluctantly. That was clearly as far as she was going to let him take it this time. He leaned back as she unbuttoned the rest of his shirt. He imagined her as she was moments before, not submissive perhaps, but trusting, and willing to follow his lead, even for just a few moments. Why couldn't it be more like that?

When his shirt was off, she kissed her way down his chest. In no time at all she was unbuckling his belt, and pulling at his pants and briefs. Her mouth slipped over the head of his cock, and James closed his eyes surrendering to her ministrations. By closing his eyes he could imagine that she actually wanted to be on her knees for him. Her tongue and lips suckled him expertly and James let out a groan. He would have let her continue all the way to his completion. 

Natasha had different plans though. She stopped, and grinned wickedly up at James. Now he knew how she'd felt when he's stopped to suggest a change of venue. Tasha unhooked her bra and let it drop to the floor, freeing her breasts and cupping their generous weight in her hands. She crawled over James' reclined form and straddled him again, putting all her effort into driving him wild. She moaned sensually and licked her lips. She grabbed his hard length and started jerking him off. She bit his left nipple and was rewarded with a surprised exhalation of: "Fuck. Tasha." 

James tried to enjoy her playfulness, and easily rolled her over onto her back. He didn't wait any longer. He peeled away the skirt and her thong, feeling her wetness. Quickly, he entered her, and Tasha moaned her approval, finally getting what she'd wanted all along. "Yes, James. Fuck me. Harder!" 
James fulfilled her request, thrusting, and grinding his cock into her wet slit. The delayed orgasm made Natasha frantic, and she wrapped her legs around him, trying to force the penetration deeper. She squeezed her muscles tightly around James, and pumped her hips. He shouldn't have made her wait. 

Natasha was such an expert lover the way she coiled around James and egged him on with her moans. He felt her arms push his chest away and moved to accommodate her, not wanting to hurt her. "No," she pulled him back to her. "I want to ride you James. Now. I need to." She punctuated the request with thrusts of her hips. 

James acquiesced, and allowed her to roll over him, sinking the last few inches onto him for the full penetration she craved. Her hands were lewdly massaging her breasts again and the rapid motions she made with her hips were incredibly pleasurable. James squeezed her ass, refraining from giving it the sound smack it deserved. She seemed to like that, so he continued groping her as she impaled herself over and over onto his cock. 

"Yes, James! Yes! More."

James thrust into her hard, and she choked back a scream. Her unbridled lust and hedonistic movements were starting to get to him. She worked herself senseless over his cock, and James was breathing deeply to hold back his climax. Tasha enjoyed the freedom of these carnal motions and was jolted over the edge by one of James' thrusts. He hit just the right spot and she convulsed. The clenching tightness in Tasha's over-stimulated pussy tipped James over the edge. He groaned in relief. 

She draped herself over James, purring in satisfaction. He stroked her heated flesh and enjoyed her involuntary shiver. "Are you hungry James? I'm starved." 

James shook his head. "Go ahead and order something if you want."

Natasha ordered sushi, sashimi, some gyzoa and turned to James business-like.

"I don't like when you toy with me like that James."

"Like what?"

"Teasing me like that at the concert hall. Calling me 'little girl.'" James smiled at her childish complaints. "It's not funny, James. I don't like it."

"Alright. As you wish." He was dismayed. He'd sought to heighten her pleasure. She seemed to disagree. "I only wanted to make it more intense for you."

She had no response to that. He rose from the bed to pull on some clothes. His body was relaxed, but his mind was going a mile a minute. The knock on the door broke what was becoming an awkward silence. James took the tray and set the beautiful array of fish on a small table. 

James found he wanted space now more than ever. Tasha wrapped a silky robe around her voluptuous curves, and picked up the chopsticks on the tray. "Are you sure you don't want any James?"

"I'm sure." He started pulling a shirt on. Maybe a walk would help him shake off this oppressive feeling. 

"Where are you going James?" Natasha was surprised he was getting up to leave.

"I fancied a walk."

"What? I- I- thought we could have more fun after a little break."

James took a moment to be impressed with her stamina. Normally, he would have much preferred her plans, but something about this encounter left him cold. He couldn't get his head to focus on the woman he was with. He was distracted, and frankly, with a woman like Natasha, there was no reason to have his mind on anything—or anyone—else. 

"I don't know Tasha, it's late and we have to perform tomorrow. Maybe I'll just take some air, and you can finish your dinner?"

"Is something wrong James? You're acting strange."

Yes, something was wrong. But the people who really knew him wouldn't have thought his behavior strange at all. Abe and Clara would have understood. Since he'd been with Tasha he felt like he'd been performing non-stop. Not just for concerts, but for her. She required all of his available attention, and right now, he didn't have the capacity.

"I'm not. It's just jet lag." Before she could answer his weak excuse, he left.

***

James let the cool night air assuage his anxiety. His pace was brisk and he had no idea where he was headed, but movement was welcome. He was emotionally drained and feeling claustrophobic to boot. 

Something was wrong. James didn't want to think too closely on it. He knew if he did that he wouldn't like the conclusions he would draw. He kept walking, thankful that there was no one to accost his thoughts, frustrated now that he was alone with them again.

He was still a bit sweaty, and the brisk air chilled him pleasantly. James tried to take in the exotic surroundings, to enjoy the frenetic energy of Japan's capitol. He recalled Abraham's stories of his visits to Asia while he'd been in the Marines. There was no stigma or taboo to the lifestyle here the way there was in the UK. 

James sighed. This thought depressed him. He could easily make his way to a club and find countless women with his proclivities. But he didn't want random strangers. He wanted...

Cecilia.

There was the rub. Even his ability to connect so powerfully Natasha back in Berlin had been predicated on Cecilia. He'd swallowed the truth of that for so long it was like a repressed memory. It was a bitter thought, and now that he acknowledged it he knew that his relationship with Natasha was a fool's attempt at recovery. He'd made her a surrogate for his infatuation with Cecilia. 

She'd responded to his natural dominance truly only once, when they played in Berlin. Everything after that was a variation on a farce and an advantageous arrangement.

The worst thing is that they could be very happy and successful together, assuming James continued to bury and compromise his sense of self away. Already, he was irritated with her attitudes. Her publicity stunt in Minsk still bothered him. 

It was well that their performances together would be done after tomorrow.

***

James wandered back to the hotel, and wanted to be sure Natasha was asleep. He ordered a chilled bottle of sake at the bar, and figured that once he reached the bottom there was no way she could still be awake. Now that he knew how foolish he'd been he couldn't bear to deal with Natasha. 

He was tired when he entered their room as quietly as possible, hoping not to wake her, and decided to sleep on the couch in the suite, rather than share the bed with her.

***

"I tried to wait up for you." Natasha sounded accusatory several hours later as they roused for the day.

"I just needed to get some air, Natasha." James wasn't used to explaining himself over little things like that.

"Something's distracting you." James didn't want to have this conversation now. They needed to get through their performance first. Just a few more hours. 

"I'm fine, Natasha. Really."

"Well, you better not be distracted at rehearsal. We have to go soon."

"It's just down the street. I'll meet you there. I'm going to get some breakfast and tea."

"You're trying to get rid of me."

"No. I'm not. I just need to refocus, like you said." James hoped the concession would buy him some time.

"You should have done that last night when you were off wherever you were."

James ran a hand through his hair. "You're right. But I didn't. I'll meet you there." James' sentences were clipped. For the first time Natasha regarded him as a man who would stand his ground with her. She swallowed, not liking this change in him at all. "Don't be late then." She sounded immature and little.

James couldn't remember dreading a performance more than this. In his heart and head it was already over. To play the Rachmaninoff, he had to open himself up to Natasha one last time. He didn't want to. 

In the papers and reviews that flooded the music world, critics wrote about their performance of this piece as if it was their "song", the way couples choose a song for their wedding. They wrote about the intimacy that spilled between himself and Natasha. But they were wrong. It was a ménage à trois between himself, Tasha, and Cecilia.

He was cheating on Natasha and Cecilia at the same time: The very first time he laid eyes on Cecilia she had been tied up and teased, flexing and undulating her perfect body in a lustful frenzy, listening to the third movement of the Rachmaninoff Cello Sonata. The recording Lace used was an old one of him and Natasha playing some seven years ago. He'd been playing that piece with Natasha before ever meeting his Cecilia. He'd actually been wooing Josephine at that point. 

But, the piece had only reached its zenith now. It was written as a duet, but Cecilia made it a trio. She had been the unseen and unheard presence that allowed James to temporarily engage Tasha. It was intimate. Too intimate. He no longer wanted Natasha to share that space, space that in his mind, belonged to Cecilia.

He was performing with Mae first though. She was a quiet and contemplative soul. She minded interpretation less, and James often wished for more opportunities to perform with her. (It wasn't often that two pianists could share the same stage, after all.) The Shubert Fantasie for four hands in F minor presented that opportunity.

James was late to rehearsal with Natasha, and they had to forego any extra preparation. This irritated the cellist to no end, but James shrugged it off. "We know it so well already, I'm not concerned. It will be fine." Natasha fumed, and he could feel her anger. He gave her a quick peck on the cheek to reassure her, but his whole body grew rigid at contact with her. Without saying anything further, he moved to sit at the piano next to Mae. Natasha huffed away seeing his eagerness to rehearse with the Japanese pianist.

Mae was delicately boned and the picture of understated elegance. Her black gown alluded to a traditional kimono while being starkly modern. Mae was also intuitive where Natasha was not. She'd sensed a tension in James a few months ago when she'd been in London and practiced with him at his home studio. Anger was coming off Natasha in palpable waves now. When Natasha was out of earshot, Mae looked to James who was ready to begin their piece. She touched his outstretched wrist. "Are you alright James?" Her voice was uncertain and soft, barely above a whisper. James didn't look at her as he responded. "I'm fine. I've just been running behind. Jet lag... you know how that is..." he breathed deeply. That excuse wasn't going to last much longer.

"Alright. If you're certain." Her voice was skeptical, but she smiled. "Will you count us off then?"

James nodded, tapped his heel on the floor and set them on course to rehearse the piece.

***

There was great applause as James and Mae concluded their four-handed performance. It had been a mix of tempestuous and gentle: the mystery inherent in Shubert's fantasie resonated particularly with James tonight. The performance veered towards conversational. Mae was gentle and easily followed James' minute interpretations. James and Mae always had a simpatico. He never fought with her musically and he was grateful for that. He smiled at the completion. 

The easy part was over. 

Mae took a last bow and exited to the left as Natasha strode on stage from the right. He hadn't seen her since he'd missed their rehearsal time. She changed into her concert attire since then: A strapless canary yellow gown with a ruffled hemline. 

James took a moment to be amused by the contrast between Mae and Natasha. He was handing one brilliant musician off only to be presented with another. Tasha was begging for his attention with that ensemble. Mae's understated choice, on the other hand, was a better complement to James' more austere concert attire. 

They sat to begin their piece. James looked to Natasha, tapped his heel, and set off to play the sonata one last time. It was a good thing they'd practiced this so much: James was distracted still. He no longer wanted to let Natasha into the part of his mind¬—or if he was honest with himself, his heart—that belonged to Cecilia. Withholding that emotional capital took a toll on the performance. Natasha's strains lost all of their expressiveness, and James' emotional playing didn't match Natasha's constant quest for precision. There were no wrong notes. Technically, it was correct, but it was as if Natasha and James' had learned the piece separately and only now were coming together to play it for the first time.

The performance was lackluster, especially the tender and sensitive third movement. The vigor and aggression of the last movement was a boon from Rachmaninoff, because that was about all James had left in him. Natasha was inflexible and now that he'd shut her out of the recesses of his passion, he was annoyed at her nit-picky performance.

Natasha noticed something was wrong. The electricity was gone. She'd gotten so used to it that it's absence changed the way everything sounded and felt. She'd never reached deeper to loose the emotion on which James' performances usually depended. She didn't have it within herself as a player. She didn't know that he was withholding from her intentionally, but she knew something had changed their musical interaction. On the surface, she thought missing their last rehearsal was contributing to this discord. 

They ended their piece on a high note, James took full advantage of the fury he was channeling, but they both knew that the magic was gone. The difference was that James knew it was gone forever. 

The audience applauded. They didn't catch the tension, hearing only what they were told they would hear. Natasha's smile was plastic and fixed. James couldn't look at her, and his face wore more of a sardonic smirk than a smile. After they took final bows and walked off-stage, Mae came to congratulate them on their joint last performance of the tour. Natasha did not like Mae's eagerness to speak with James. She cut her off rudely.

"I need a word with James now, if you please." She pulled at his wrist, steering him away from the other woman. 

"What happened tonight?!"

James didn't want to do this here. There were too many people around. He shook his head.

"Not here, Natasha."

"Tell me!"

"I'm not doing this here."

James grabbed Natasha's cello case from the floor and started for the exit. "James! My cello!"

He sighed. "You never objected before..." He handed the bulky case back to her, and continued to walk away, not caring if she followed, hoping she wouldn't, but they shared a hotel room...

Sure enough, he heard Natasha's heels trailing behind him. He didn't slow down for her as he crossed the street and entered the hushed quiet of their hotel. She caught up to him at the elevator. "James, don't walk away from me!"

He clenched his jaw and said nothing. He wasn't going to have a public scene, especially since she invited the entire international music community to hold opinions about their relationship.

The elevator arrived and he stepped inside without a word. "James! I won't—"

"Stop it Natasha." His voice was tight and sharp. 

She was bewildered at being spoken to that way.

They walked in angry silence to their room. James prepared himself for the assault that would come once they were safely ensconced from prying eyes. 

"JAMES! What's wrong with you?"

He didn't want to answer that.

"What's upsetting you Natasha?"

She hadn't expected him to counter her question. Her mouth gaped for a split second. "Well let's start with that performance. Why didn't you feel the need to rehearse?"

"Because we didn't need to Natasha, and I was tired." James sighed his answer.

"We did need to! That was not up to our standard!"

"It was Natasha. That was exactly up to your standard." 

The insult stung. "What do you mean by that?"

"I mean: that's exactly how you like to play isn't it? No interpretation? No passion. No interaction. That's how we performed tonight."

"That's—it's not—we've played better. When we played in Berlin and Minsk and back home—it was so much better than that! We didn't rehearse today! That's what I mean!"

"No. Rehearsing had nothing to do with it. When we played before it was better because you were willing to let me lead you."

"What are you talking about? It's a cello sonata. I lead it."

"I don't want to argue with you." James was tired. Everything about tonight he'd been dreading spectacularly. He didn't think he had the energy for it. 

"No! What do you mean by that?"

"I mean you submitted to my interpretation of the piece Natasha! You let go of your anxious perfectionism just long enough to share in music emotionally for once in your life! I led you and you followed me. We interacted."

"Oh! So why was tonight so different?"

"Because you won't let me Natasha! I can't play a piece like that and fight you! That's not how it works!" 

"You're not telling me the truth. I can tell you're lying James. You were thinking about someone else! You didn't have that trouble with Mae; I noticed." The jealousy dripped from her voice.

James laughed. "That's because she doesn't fight with me on every phrase because of some snobbish elitism about music. She actually enjoys playing. It's not about a perfect performance to show off how exact she can be."

"And I don't? I don't enjoy playing?"

Natasha wasn't hearing any of this. "Maybe you do. It's not my problem."

"And what is that supposed to mean?"

"I don't want this drama tonight Natasha."

"TELL ME!"

"This isn't going to work. Clearly."

"You're leaving me?"

"We're parting ways tomorrow. Our tour is over." James avoided answering the question, hoping to inject something more concrete into this argument.

"That's not what I mean. Who is it? Are you planning on fucking Mae now that I'm not touring with you?"

"Mae has nothing to do with this!"

"Bullshit James! You were too busy thinking about her! Were you with her last night after you were done with me?"

"I'm not doing this Natasha. I'll get another room for the night. You can stay here."

"James!" Natasha's voice was laced with panic. "Don't walk out of here. What does she have that I don't?"

"It's not about Mae." That much was true.

"If you walk out of here, we're over!"

"Natasha, can't you see we already are? I can't live my life like this. I won't. I've made too many compromises already." His voice was sad now that he'd released his initial anger. 

No one had ever spoken to Natasha like James just did. "Compromise? Do you know how many men I could have? I chose you James! I chose you out of everyone! And you're saying I'm a compromise?"

She was being melodramatic now. He wanted to just leave the room and her tantrum. "Natasha, you can't give me what I need. That's not your fault, but it's true."

"What?"

"It's just like the music Natasha. I need someone who will follow my lead. I need someone who'll receive all that emotion and feeling and who will give it to me in return. It's not for you. That's okay." His voice was quiet as he admitted his truth out loud. 

He knew she wouldn't understand more than that. Her toppishness and inability to submit were novelties, but it wore on James quickly. She couldn't even play at being submissive. And he wouldn't play at being vanilla, let alone beta. It wasn't the first time he admitted it to himself, but he'd needed to remind himself again after burying the truth.

"I can't make you happy either, Natasha. I'm doing us both a favor by ending this now."

Angry tears were streaking Natasha's careful makeup. "Get out then!"

"I'm sorry. For what it's worth." 

James ducked his head as she threw a book at him. 

"GET OUT!"

He managed to close the door behind him before she threw his pocket metronome at his head. He heard it make impact behind him.

Down at the front desk, James was informed there were no other rooms available. It really was just his luck. "Nowhere? I don't care if it's not a suite. I just need a place to sleep."
The woman behind the desk smiled blandly. "I'm sorry sir. There are no other rooms I can give you."

"Is there a couch I can sleep on? Something?"

The woman shook her head. That's when James felt a tap on his shoulder. It was Mae. "James? What's wrong?" 

"I just—wanted to see about switching rooms..." He nodded his thanks to the desk attendant. 

"Oh?"

He could tell Mae didn't believe him. "There's an extra bed in my room." She offered. 

"You don't have—"

"It's better than a couch in the lobby."

After the day he had, James reluctantly agreed.

***

Abraham sat in his armchair, not paying attention to the game on his laptop. Clara had contritely told him about Cecilia's date. She expected another spanking, which would have been fun for Abe, but Clara hadn't meddled further in the affair, so she wasn't to blame. In fact, secretly, he wished that Clara had somehow un-meddled this evening. Cecilia was perfectly entitled to go out and see people. But it felt wrong. Abe wasn't overly happy that it was the Spaniard taking Cecilia out. It was healthy and wise for her to go out on her own. But Abe didn't like him, probably due to his loyalty to James more than anything else.

But James was another problem altogether. He seemed to be moving on. And that sounded healthy, but Abe was doubtful that Natasha Dubnikov was the right woman for James.

He heard his wife and Cecilia come down the stairs. Clara entered the den looking sheepishly pleased. He saw why when Cecilia followed her in. Cecilia had enlisted Clara's help in getting ready for the night. Instead of her leaving her ringlets long Clara pinned Cecilia's chestnut hair in a sophisticated updo. The jewel-cut heliotrope cocktail dress didn't need lots of accessories; the cleanness of the cut was enough to be extremely flattering on Cecilia's physique.

"What do you think?" Clara asked with the vague air of a mother sending her daughter off to prom.

"You look lovely Cecilia."

"Thank you." Cecilia was still self-conscious and looked down at her strappy heels as she accepted the compliment. 

Somehow everyone in the room was aware that this was the first time that Cecilia was really venturing off on her own. A silence that no one knew how to fill began. Mercifully, Cecilia's clutch vibrated and she checked her phone. "Oh, that's him. Well, have a good night! She waved awkwardly and quickly left the room. A few moments later Abe and Clara heard the front door open and close. Clara sighed, troubled.

"What is it sweetness?"

"I feel like we're betraying James."

Abraham nodded. He'd thought the same thing. "I know. But you already tried that once, Clara. It's not our place. Besides, we haven't heard from him since he left. He's dating Natasha. I was sure he'd call and check in on Cecilia at least... Maybe... this is for the best." He didn't sound convinced.

Clara nodded. "I know. Besides, she seemed really excited. It's surely good for her to be taking this step."

"Come on, let's watch a movie and order a curry."

***

Cecilia stepped into the cool night air. Sebastian was leaning against his white Range Rover Evoque waiting for her. His eyes lit up when he saw her. She cinched the belt on her midnight blue trench coat and daintily walked down the steps to the street. 

"Hola Sebastian," she said timidly. 

"Good evening, Cecilia. You look beautiful."

"Gracias." She didn't know what else to say, but was spared as Sebastian took her hand and opened the passenger door to his SUV. "Ready to go?"

"Sure. Um. Thank you."

"Relajate querida. You'll love dinner. We're going to Pizzaro. It's the place I told you about at the cocktail party. A friend of mine from home is the head chef. You like seafood I hope?" He started the engine, and shifted into gear.

"I do as a matter of fact."

"Perfecto. You see? I promise this will be an evening to remember."

***

Cava bubbled, and threatened to spill over the rim of the flute. Just as Cecilia was afraid it would overflow she quickly brought the glass to her lips and swallowed the extra effervescence. She giggled, looking sheepish at the breach in etiquette. She couldn't believe she was sitting across from a world-renowned dancer who was looking at her like she was some great beauty. 

For his part, Sebastian was enchanted. He didn't notice the faux-pas. When she broke into a smile he couldn't take his eyes off of her. She was as tiny as the ballerinas he danced with everyday, but she didn't have the air of fragility that came with classical training. Something about her was healthier. He particularly enjoyed the way she relished food. When he made his reservation he asked his chef friend, Santiago, to prepare a tasting menu for them. 

Cecilia's face as she tasted Santiago's spherified gazpacho (a tribute to Ferran Ardria's famous spherified olives) was magical. 

"I've never tried anything like that! It was amazing." That was when most of her nervousness melted away and she started to let herself enjoy Sebastian's company. She asked him about his dancing career and how he came to be in London. Sebastian started to regale her with stories.

It wasn't hard to keep the conversation going. Sebastian filled all the silences with anecdotes about his travels, his antics growing up, his childhood home... 

The courses of food kept coming, all paired with rich Spanish wines. This next course was langoustines in a saffron tomato broth.

Cecilia made to discard the heads, but Sebastian shook his head. "No, you're wasting the best part." He took one of the crustaceans and sucked hard at the head. He laughed at the shocked look on Cecilia's face. 

"Seriously. Try it."

Cecilia looked faintly disgusted. "I don't know..."

"I promise. If you don't like it, just wash it down with the cava." 

Cecilia did like the cava. "Okay..." She didn't sound convinced, but she took one of the heads and sucked hard. She was rewarded with a rich briny flavor. "Oh! That- that is good." 

"See? You can trust me. I wouldn't lead you astray." He watched hungrily as she sucked on another. Errantly, his mind wandered to what it would feel like when she gave his cock the same treatment. 

The arrival of the next course interrupted that line of thought. The oysters were ever-so-slightly smoked and served with a beautiful mignonette. The delight on Cecilia's face as she continued to try the new and exotic flavors was well worth the wait to take her to bed.

"So what brought you to London, Cecilia?"

She froze. She hadn't thought about answering questions like that. She couldn't tell him the truth. What could she say? She racked her brain for some sort of appropriate response. When she came up empty she took a sip of wine to buy more time. 

"Oh, I j-just always wanted to visit." That much was true. "So I-I-I just hopped on a plane, and I've loved it so much... I haven't managed to leave yet." Some of that was true.

Sebastian nodded. "And how did you end up staying with Clara?"

More questions? Cecilia didn't know how she was supposed to keep answering them. "Oh, well, Clara's a friend of a friend." 'Friend' might not be the right word to describe her relationship with James though. "She and her husband and their friend James have graciously let me stay with them." There. That was all the tricky questions. Or so she thought.

"You seem to know James very well too." 

That couldn't be further from the truth. She understood so little about James. "Well, we're... housemates."

"He seems... very close to you."

Did he? Cecilia cut off the hopeful line of thought. Sebastian's questions were making her uncomfortable. "Well, I haven't been here that long. He's helped me... adjust a bit."

"Are you planning on staying in England permanently?"

Would these questions never stop? "I'm not sure how long I plan on staying to be honest."

"Well, I'm happy to show you around London too. I'm sure we can find reasons for you to want to stay." Sebastian's flirtatiousness made Cecilia feel as bubbly as the cava. Her annoyance at his questions evaporated. He was just being conversant after all.

"I may take you up on that."

The rest of dinner flew by and suddenly they were on the dessert course. They shared a silky crema Catalana. Sebastian's eyes studied her intently. Spending time with Cecilia was easy, especially as she became more and more herself, talking about her love of poetry, art, and how she enjoyed watching company rehearsals.

"Don't you dance Cecilia? You look like you do."

"Oh no! I can't dance. I've seen enough to know that."

"Come dance with me." He was feeling spontaneous. "I know a good dance club. I'll show you. Unless, you'd rather go back to my flat..." Sebastian truly didn't know which option he wished she'd choose. Something about her form called to him on both fronts. He was sure she'd be a great partner at either activity.

Cecilia hesitated. 

"I'm not ready for the night to end," Sebastian purred. He started tracing circles on her outstretched hand. She wasn't ready to go back to his apartment. That was awfully fast as far as she was concerned, but they'd had so much fun... She gave in.

"We can go dancing..."

***

Cecilia didn't know what she'd expected, but after seeing so much classical ballet to such traditional music it was a shock to her system to jump the line at a posh club blasting techno and electronica. The bouncer recognized Sebastian and let them in immediately. He must come here often. Before checking her coat and bag, she texted Clara to let her know they'd gone clubbing and she'd be in later than expected. 

It was loud and dark and she could barely hear herself think. If it weren't for the black lights lining the bar, she wouldn't be able to see much of anything. Cecilia was intimidated. She'd never been in a place like this. Sebastian looked right at home though. "Come on. Dance with me." He had to shout to be heard over the music.

Cecilia wasn't pretending or being modest when she said she couldn't dance. To be fair, she didn't try very often, but she was sure it wasn't one of her talents. 

She was rigid stepping onto the club floor. Sebastian didn't share her concerns. His body moved of its own accord to the pounding music. Cecilia had never been so uncertain of herself. "I don't know what to do!" She tried to shout over the music. He tried to grab her hips to guide her, but she jumped at the sudden contact. 

Sebastian didn't understand her flinch or her apprehension. Most women couldn't wait for him to get physical with him. "Let's get a drink."

It seemed like a reasonable suggestion. Cecilia was mad at herself for being so nervous, but the hot room and intense throbbing music was more than she was used to. She shuddered at the thought of what her mother might say if she knew Cecilia was in a place like this. 

A cocktail sounded like a good idea.

She went up to the bar and ordered a greyhound. She was jealous at how easy it was for the other girls in the club to move with the music. She must be such a disappointment. It was so hot in the club that she downed the icy drink rather faster than she usually did. When she stood up she noticed that the wine from dinner and the vodka had caught up with her. The room was a bit unsteady, but her body seemed more responsive and less uptight. Sebastian steadied her, grabbed her hand and spun her back to the center of the floor.

He leaned over to her and spoke loudly into her ear. "Aprendo. Midas. Just do what I do. Follow my hands." He put his hands on her waist again. This time she didn't jump away. The alcohol was helping. "Close your eyes. What does your body want to do? Answer the music with your body." She listened, and let the pounding pulse have its way with her. Soon her shoulders and head were relaxed, tilted back, exposing her neck in such a provocative display. Her hips followed Sebastian's circling hands. "That's it!" He shouted over the music. "Now have fun with it!"

She tried. Dancing to this music didn't require the technical training Sebastian had. But this wasn't her scene. She decided to have fun with it, in spite of how ridiculous she felt. Sebastian was such a natural dancer. She thought she must be embarrassing him.

Sebastian twirled Cecilia around, and guided her back to the bar. "Two vodka Red Bulls please! Put it under Echevarria."

He handed Cecilia the pink tumbler. 

In no time at all he'd downed the cocktail. Cecilia sipped at the drink feeling breathless. The cocktail was nice and cold, and even though she knew she should drink some water, she had no intention of taking a longer break. Sebastian was already beckoning her over with her eyes. There were women at the bar eyeing Sebastian with interest and her with jealousy.

The dance floor filled up and Cecilia was pressed close to Sebastian. The second track in, she started to feel very wobbly indeed. She didn't see an easy path away from the throng of people and looked back to her date. He was lost in the music. 

"Sebastian! I need a breather! Sebastian!" Cecilia called to him, finally gaining his attention. "I need to sit one out!"

Sebastian couldn't really hear Cecilia, but she was tugging at his arm, and he liked her sense of urgency. He was ready to be alone too. He draped an arm around her waist, holding her firmly. All the seats at the bar were full, so he guided her through to a dark hallway. 

"Are you okay?"

"I-I th-think so. I'm just-"

Sebastian didn't let her finish the sentence. His lips crushed her own, surprising her for a moment. She was shocked at the forcefulness of it. She hadn't counted on this. 

Suddenly his hands were all over her and she was pushed against the wall of the dark corridor. It wasn't altogether unpleasant. She returned the kiss, imagining James in Sebastian's place. It wasn't the same though. She was confused about what she was feeling. 

"Jame—Sebastian..."

"Mmm. You taste so good." He wasn't listening. His foot was between her legs, his muscular leg pressing into her. His arm leaned possessively against the wall, caging her in. He had her. The position was so familiar, and not at all the same. 

All night Sebastian had wanted to get to this moment. Since he'd first seen her, especially at the company cocktail party he'd fantasized about winning her. She was his type and he'd loved seducing her.

She had to brace her arms against the wall to keep everything from spinning. He was kissing her again. She needed air. And space. She felt his long eyelashes against her check. It was different, a good kiss, but the wrong man. She didn't want her hands up like this, pinned to the wall supporting her. It was too much like the time James kissed her. She tried to relax, even enjoy his attentions. But, no, this wasn't right. She didn't want him the way she wanted James. This was a poor substitute. "Sebastian..." Maybe he couldn't hear her? Was she even speaking out loud?

She shouldn't be here right now. It was too much. His fevered kisses were accompanied by the sensation of his hand crawling up her thigh. She wasn't ready for this.

Her mind slid back to her time in the white cell. Everything was happening to her and around her. She felt powerless. Why didn't she say something? Her voice was lost. Her mind flashed back to the countless violations she experienced. She heard the whistle of the cane, and familiar music played in her head. She heard her own voice cry out her status as slave. She heard herself begging. 

She shook her head.

She spiraled into full-blown panic. He needed to let go of her. Her body went rigid. "Stop! Please stop!" She started crying. "Let go! Please!" 

Sebastian stepped back, confusion written all over his face. "...Cecilia?"

Instinct took over and she ran. The red exit sign glowed in the darkness and she pushed through the door and out into the London night. Her sweaty skin prickled with goose bumps immediately. The cool air momentarily broke through her alcohol-dulled system. The pounding music was muted. She gasped between sobs. She tried to shake her panic and fear off, but that upset her precarious balance. She'd had too much to drink. 

Apparently, she'd run through the back exit of the club. The only thing she wanted was to be home, and she didn't mean Philadelphia, she meant the townhouse with Clara and Abe and... She didn't want to see Sebastian, let alone say goodbye. She wanted James. Everything was spinning. She tried to collect herself enough to get back to the main street, collect her things from the coat-check and find a cab home. This date had been a terrible idea. 

She rounded the building, noticing how much her feet hurt from dancing and running in her heels. She got back inside, quickly retrieved her trench and clutch and walked away from the club, thankful that the masses of people meant she didn't have to see Sebastian.

The air was thick with mist. It wasn't properly raining but Cecilia was soon chilled to the bone. She tried to concentrate on walking towards a street where she could hail one of the black cabs that would bring her back home, but she didn't know where she was, and the street wouldn't stop tilting. She knew she could called Clara, but she was so humiliated. She couldn't handle a night out; she was so fragile and traumatized. The nightlife was swirling around her and she wanted nothing more than quiet and peace. She hugged herself and pulled the belt of her trench tighter. She breathed hard, trying to overcome the alcohol in her system. 

She turned off the main strip of clubs and restaurants. This street was quieter, almost deserted. Her heels echoed ominously on the pavement. She decided to turn around and head back towards the bustle of the clubs. She wasn't going to find a cab here.

That was when two dark figures emerged from the alleyway. Seeing this, she turned around again. A taller man had walked up behind her, and she nearly walked into the stranger's chest. 

"Pardon me. Sorry." Cecilia said quickly and kept her head down. 

"You dropped something." Cecilia paused. She hadn't dropped anything. She felt her phone in her pocket, and was holding her clutch. Her head was fuzzy and the words sounded like they were miles away. Her moment of hesitation allowed the other two men to catch up to her. 

"Where're you going?" The voice behind her was too close. She detected a rough accent. It was like Master—no, Lace's voice, but younger. A shiver crawled up her spine. She didn't like thinking of him. She couldn't bear to turn around, afraid she'd see Lace again. The third man came in front of her, further blocking her path. He answered the other's question. "You look lost, love." This voice was patronizing.

"Excuse me. I'll be off thanks." Cecilia tried to step around the two men, but the one behind her grabbed her arm. 

"Not so fast there. We'll help you find your way back. Won't we Mitch?"

"Of course we will. Won't we, Geoff? Come with us, love." Cecilia bristled at the false endearment.

"No. I'm fine. Let me pass." Cecilia tried to pull away, but she backed up into the other one. They had her surrounded. Trying to find a way between them she turned quickly and turned her ankle, stumbling into the tallest one again. He grabbed her by both arms. "See? Easy there. Wouldn't want to hurt yourself now." It was all eerily familiar to Cecilia. The threat hung in the air. "Let me go!" She shouted and tried prying his fingers off her arms but he her gripped harder. 

"Quiet!" The one called Geoff growled in her ear. She saw a glint in the dim light. She swallowed her next scream, registering the blade near her cheek. "Yell again, and I'll cut you. Wouldn't want an ugly scar on that pretty face... Now, you're coming with us, and you're coming quietly." 
"Please, no." She whispered afraid to set him off with another shout. She didn't know when she stared crying but one of them licked the tears off her cheek. Cecilia shook like a leaf. She closed her eyes and shook her head back and forth. This couldn't be happening again. She kicked and struggled unsteadily, but they pulled her along easily. She felt her phone vibrate in her pocket and tried to reach for it, praying help was on the other end. Why hadn't she just called Clara when she left the club? She dragged her feet and reached into her pocket. The glow from the phone was obvious in the night, and one of them grabbed her wrist, peeled her fingers open and took her phone, tossing it away. 

"You won't be needing that." 

From the other direction a hand made a sharp connection with her cheek. At the backhand she cried out, disoriented by the impact.

"Shut up!" A hand came over her mouth and she had enough presence of mind to bite down on his fingers. 

"Owww! The bitch bit me!" Another backhand, this time on the other cheek.

"Shut up Mitch! We got to get 'er back to the van. Yeh can do whatever yeh want with 'er when we get back."

"You're going to regret that, little slut. Wait 'til I have my way with you. You'll see. You won't try to bite me again after I'm done fucking you—"

Cecilia twisted and turned feeling the grip on her arms tighten. She gave up and screamed. "HELP! PLEASE HELP ME!"

"Dumb bitch! I told you not to—Argh!"

Cecilia fell over as she was pushed. She felt their grip on her release, and scraped her palms catching herself. "Get your hands off her!" She recognized the voice. 

Abraham's fist connected with the jaw of one of her assailants. One of the others came behind him, but he moved faster than his size would have predicted. Abe threw a swift kick into the man's midsection. The last one was dealt a swift blow to the head by Abe's elbow. The man Abraham kicked was back up. He threw a punch. Abe blocked it, grunting. He pushed the man back into the wall of the alleyway. The other man might have a height advantage, but Abe was much burlier. He threw a few punches to the man's chest absorbing a looping punch to his shoulder. Amateur. Abe was well trained from his time in the army. He'd had enough of this nonsense. He threw the man against the wall again and knocked him out with a punch under the chin. 

The fight only lasted a few moments, but for Cecilia it was a lifetime. She burst into fresh tears. Someone else came behind Abe, and Cecilia yelped, afraid it was another attacker. It wasn't though. The big black man wore a tweed overcoat and appeared to be familiar with Abe. Their conversation was clipped, as if the fight had been a slight interruption in a longer discussion. A policeman entered the alleyway, and started handcuffing the men who were starting to rouse. 

"I didn't think I'd see you tonight, John."

"I didn't think you'd be doing my job for me, Abe." 

"Neither did I, but I'm always happy to help. What's the story here?" Abe sounded as if he'd just finished a pleasant jog, nonplussed at fending off Cecilia's attackers.

"Been tailing this lot," he nodded in the direction of the apprehended assailants. We've been trying to connect them to a string of robberies and drug offenses. All the same, I'm glad you were here. We lost their trail for a bit . . ." 

"Obviously."

"The real question is: what're you doing here?"

"I was worried about Cecilia here."

"Is she—?"

Abe nodded.

"You know I have to ask her right?"

"I know. You know I'm staying with her, right?"

The black man smiled widely. "I'd expect nothing less." He slapped Abe on the back. Abe smiled too, and they reached to help Cecilia up from the ground. The other man was intense and intimidating. "Cecilia, this is DCI Martin—"

"Call me John," The man offered.

"Cecilia, he's a friend. You can trust him. He needs to ask a few questions."

DCI John Martin was always skating on thin ice. He and Abe felt the same way about justice: that the system was flawed and too many criminals were able to wriggle free. There was a desperation in him to help people and so he did what he could even though he felt it would never be enough. Abraham had run out of patience with police work, but John's stubbornness knew no bounds.

"Cecilia, do you know those men?"

"No. I've never seen them before in my life." She wiped tears out of her eyes. Abe had a firm hand on her shoulder. 

"Okay. Do you know where they were taking you?" The detective inspector was writing down everything in a black notebook. 

"N-n-no. They said something about a-a van. But I d-d-don't know." Cecilia was shaking. 

"Did they say anything else?"

Cecilia lost her voice. Tears started again. She sobbed. 

"Would it be easier if we took you back to the station?" John asked. He ignored the look of warning Abe gave him. Cecilia felt his hand squeeze her shoulder. 

"Please no. I just want to go home." Her words were barely audible. "Please?"

"Cecilia, I know this is difficult, but I need to know."

"I- they—"

"CECILIA!" She jumped at the sound of her name. Sebastian ran onto the scene. No one could have been less welcome. He looked concerned and his words ran together. "What happened? I lost you. I am sorry for earlier. I did not know—"

"DCI John Martin," John pulled his badge out. "We're in the middle of an investigation." John cut him off. He didn't like the sound of this. Neither did Abe.

"What?! Cecilia, what happened?" Sebastian pressed the issue. Abe put himself between Cecilia and her date. 

"I think you better answer that question mate." The two men stared at him, silently demanding an answer. 

Sebastian wilted visibly and then got defensive. "We were just dancing at the club. Cecilia and I had a misunderstanding, that's all."

Cecilia nodded. She couldn't possibly be more humiliated. She'd overreacted. If she'd just kept calm none of this would have happened.

"Please leave me alone." She was pleading with him. She couldn't have this conversation with him, let alone in front of an audience. Sebastian moved to get closer to her. Abe put his arm out and Cecilia shrank away.

"I'd think again about that if I were you, Sergio. You heard the lady."

Sebastian blanched, confused by all the developments. "Cecilia, do you want to file a complaint against this man?" John asked, being gentle with Cecilia and managing to threaten the Spaniard at the same time. 

Cecilia paused. "No. This isn't his fault. It's mine." 

"Cecilia? Are you sure?" John asked, "It sounds like-" 

Sebastian looked at her imploringly. "Cecilia, we'll work it out, I just have to know what—"

"I can't. You don't understand. I can't see you. I'm not ready for this." Her eyes glazed over with more tears. "It's my fault," she reiterated. 

"Cecilia, let me take you home. We can talk this through..."

"I'm afraid I can't allow that. She's a witness in an ongoing investigation. I need her statement." John didn't like this guy, and he could sense Cecilia's discomfort with him. 

Sebastian shrugged. "Alright. I am leaving." He made to hug her goodbye so he could whisper more apologies, but Abe and John flanked her protectively. "Fine. I'll call you." Deflated, he left the alley and walked past the other police officers. 

"I don't like it Abe. Who was that?"

"A different problem. Let's settle this one first."

John turned back to Cecilia. "Are you sure we can't take you to the station?

"I'm sure. I want to go home."

"Can't we do this tomorrow John?"

The detective shrugged. "I need to file this report, Abe." 

They all knew Cecilia was at a breaking point. She didn't look like she could handle anything else tonight. 

John saw her flagging. "Okay Abe. You win. I'll be at your house tomorrow morning."

"Fair enough."

***

Clara tried to wait up. She rang Cecilia's mobile after Abe decided to go looking for her, but it went to voicemail. 

Abe felt uncomfortable with Cecilia's change in plans. He was probably over reacting, but he did promise James he'd look after her. Clara, too, was secretly relieved when Abe left to check on her. She knew the clubs Sebastian frequented and they were likely to be too much for Cecilia. 

Clara had fallen asleep in the armchair. When the door closed, Clara woke, momentarily relieved to see Cecilia. Then she saw Cecilia's ruddy, tearstained face, and knew something was amiss. 

Abe shook his head at Clara. Cecilia needed rest, and she was going to have to relive the whole night all over again when John came. 

Clara almost ignored him. She went to say something, but Abe cut her off. "You'll want a shower and some rest Cecilia. John will be here in the morning." It already was morning, but he figured he'd leave that part off for now. Cecilia nodded and went upstairs. Abe turned to his wife.

"Clara. What do you know about that Sebastian bloke?" Clara wasn't expecting that question. 

"He's a principal at the company. He's been there two years. He's from Catalan, in Spain, if I remember rightly. Why?"

"What's his reputation like?"

"He's a single, handsome, dancer... a bit of a heartbreaker, but nothing untoward. He likes to party more than some of the others... What's going on?"

"Cecilia was attacked tonight."

"What?"

"I don't have the full story. But, I found Cecilia in time to keep three tossers from stealing away with her in the night."

"How?"

"I don't know Clara. But you remember John Martin? He was following them. They're wanted in connection with a robbery. I'm not sure why she was out alone in the first place..."

Clara was bewildered. "I don't think—but I don't know... We can ask her."

"No. Let her get some sleep. She's safe. That's all that matters tonight."

Clara was unsure herself, but trusted Abe to know what was best. 

***

Morning came too soon. Abe started shaking Cecilia awake. She groaned and turned over. Abe winced. She had a shiner on one cheek. One of the men who hit her clearly had been wearing a heavy ring. 

"Cecilia. John is here. You need to get up."

She stirred, panicked at first, but relieved when she saw where she was. "Ssshhh... relax. You're safe. You're home with us. But John needs to talk to you." 

Immediately, her thoughts rewound to the horror of last night. She was such a fool. She couldn't talk about it. Not with John. Not with anyone. 

Abe needed her to cooperate. John was doing them all a favor by not making them go down to Scotland Yard. "Cecilia. You must listen to me." His voice was commanding and firm, the tone he usually reserved for dominating Clara. But right now he needed to reach beyond Cecilia's panic. "Get up, and get presentable. Clara's fixing John some tea, but we can't postpone this."

Cecilia nodded. 

"Good. Hurry."

***

James woke up still half dressed in his concert attire. He hadn't had anything to change into last night, so he slept in his white undershirt and his black dress slacks. Mae emerged from the bathroom in a cloud of steam and a colorful silk robe. She smiled at his rumpled appearance. It wasn't often James appeared anything less than completely in control.

"Glad to see you're awake. How'd you sleep?"

"Better than if I'd slept on the couch in the lobby. Thank you, Mae."

"Think nothing of it. I'm having some tea sent up."

"Thank you again."

Mae smiled knowingly. There was a knock on the door announcing the arrival of their tea. 

"You'll need to retrieve your belongings before check out," she said as she opened to door to allow the bellhop to bring in her traditional Japanese breakfast and green tea. 

James grimaced as he poured himself a cup. 

Mae persisted in James' silence. "You'll want to get it done and over with."

James swallowed the fragrant brew. "You're right of course."

Mae looked at him with a bemused expression. "Want to talk about it?" She picked up on his temperament so easily.

James looked around. "What's there to say?"

Mae started eating the steaming rice with her chopsticks. "What were you thinking James? Natasha Dubnikov?!" The way Mae said it made James realize the absurdity of the foolish relationship.

"I guess I hoped I could make it work."

"I didn't think you'd ever bother trying. She's been obvious about it for years, but I thought you were keeping her at arms length."

"I didn't notice for a long time. I guess it was a matter of timing."

Mae shook her head in pity. "Well, no one will fault you for trying. But it's just like Natasha to want something that she won't admit to wanting and then try to have it on her own terms." 

James said nothing, but was impressed at how Mae read the situation. 

"What will you do now? Will you be alright?"

"Well, at least we're done our performances. I'll just finish the tour as planned."

"That's not what I meant."

James put up a brave face. "I'm not broken-hearted over Natasha. I'm just back to my senses."

Mae didn't believe him. "You're broken-hearted about something, James."

James drained his tea. "I ought to see about getting my things."

"Alright. Our train to Osaka is at 1 o'clock." Mae was conscious about not pressing him. "Good luck."

James ventured up to the suite he'd been sharing with Natasha hoping she had already left. 

He pushed the door open quietly. Natasha was packing up her things to get ready to take her flight back to Russia. She looked less immaculate than usual. It was clear she'd been crying.

Neither wanted to be the first to speak. James moved to grab his suitcase and start packing up when Natasha broke the awkward silence. "I thought you'd at least come back to sleep." James didn't respond. "Where did you go?"

"Let's not do this Natasha."

"Tell me! Where'd you go?"

"Natasha, it's not important. We're over. It's time we went our separate ways."

"You stayed with Mae, didn't you?" Her accusation was scornful. 

"Yes," he responded evenly. James didn't anticipate the hurt in Natasha's watery eyes.

"I thought we could talk when you came back. Don't you want to?"

"It's not wise Natasha."

"What does she have that I don't?" She meant Mae.

"Tasha—it's not like that. It's not Mae. And it's not a contest—"

"What is it then? James, I love y—."

"No. You don't, Tasha. If you did, you wouldn't have to ask me what she has that you don't." He meant Cecilia. "You can't give me what I need."

Natasha's anger overwhelmed her hurt. "What else am I supposed to give you James?! What else is there? I showed the whole world! I committed to you! What more do you want?" 

James felt his patience wearing thin. "I don't need vanity displays of affection Natasha. You give only on you terms, when it suits you."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"I want more than that Natasha. I don't expect you to understand. I'm finished with this."

"No one is going to give you more than I gave you! What you want is the impossible! You'll end up alone!"

"Then that's my affair." James finished packing his clothes and personal affects. He zipped his suitcase. "I'd hoped we'd still be able to part amicably," he said turning to her. 

Natasha was at a complete loss. How could he stand there and be so calm about tossing her aside? She'd never been humiliated this way by a man. She reached her arm out and struck his face sharply. "Fuck you, James."

He absorbed the smarting blow after registering her violent outburst with some shock. Part of him was angry, but the other part was vindicated at her childish behavior. He exhaled silently. "Safe travels then, Natasha." He took his luggage and left. Natasha's sobs echoed down the hall. When James reached the elevator he heard her slam the door behind him. 

***

Cecilia was wearing one of James' old rugby shirts when she came down. The bruise on her cheek looked painful, and Abe was kicking himself for not seeing to that last night. Some ice would have helped with the swelling. 

John was sitting at the butcher-block island sipping at some earl gray. Cecilia saw her shattered phone on the island. John had retrieved it and brought it back for her. Clara, seeing Cecilia's face, bit her lip and then poured another cup. John spoke first. "Cecilia, if you want we can do this privately." He was aware of all the eyes on her. Abe shot him another look, but it was certainly within Cecilia's right to maintain her privacy. 

"No. They can stay." 

Abe exhaled. He promised James he'd keep Cecilia safe. He nearly broke his promise last night. 

"Right," John's accent was so... London, but in a rough, powerful way, not genteel like some of the other Londoner's she'd met. "Cecilia, do you know where those men were taking you last night?"

"I told you. I don't know. They just said a van." John nodded. They found the van in question, complete with a duffle bag of cash, some cocaine, and zip ties.

"Do you know what they were planning?" This was the question she hadn't been able to answer last night. 

She paled and didn't answer right away.

"Do you have any suspicions?" 

She swallowed. Clara squeezed her hand. Taking strength from her friend's gesture, Cecilia whispered. "Yes."

"What are those suspicions?"

"Only sluts and whores find themselves in situations like yours." Her mother's voice played in her head.

"Cecilia? Cecilia?" He kept using her name, as if it would keep her grounded. She was grateful. She was starting to have flashbacks, of last night, of her initial kidnapping... 

"Cecilia? Stay with me."

"They were going to take me—force me..." She barely choked out the whisper. She couldn't say the word. This was her second escape. She was so lucky and so stupid. This was all her fault. 

The murderous look in John's eye told her he understood. Abe clenched his fists.

"Why do you think that?"

"One of them licked me. And when I called for help they—one of them had a knife—so I screamed. One covered my mouth but I bit him. After I bit him he hit me, but the others said he could... could do whatever he wanted with me when they got back—to wherever they were going. He- he said as much... said he'd I'd learn my lesson after he was done...f-f-fucking me." Cecilia hung her head as tears poured down her cheeks.

"Okay, Cecilia. Do you know if they were following you? How did you end up there?"

Her breath was ragged with suppressed sobs. "I don't think they followed me. I wandered that way after I left the dance club. I was looking for a cab. I was a bit lost. I took a turn and then they came out of the alley. Two in front of me, and one behind me."

Abe wanted to know why she'd been alone in the first place. "Do you need anything else John?" 

"No. But is this where we can reach you if we have more questions? We may need you to come in and identify them for the record."

Cecilia nodded. Abe answered, "yes."

"Right. That's all for now then. Thank you for answering my questions. I'll see myself out."

"No, I'll follow you John." Abe had a question for the detective. Once they were in the foyer, Abe asked him, "Do you know what they were after?"

"They're involved in a string of burglaries. It's possible they're involved in trafficking, or they wanted ransom money... We aren't sure yet Abe. It could be organized crime as well... No point in speculating further until we know more."

"You'll keep me informed?" John gave him a look. Pending investigations weren't to be shared with the public at large. "You know I shouldn't."

"But you will. Thank you, John." 

They hugged briefly and John left. 

*** 

When he returned to the kitchen he saw Clara hugging Cecilia tightly. The gasping sobs were audible. Clara rubbed her back, tracing large circles over the thick rugby jumper. Clara suspected the choice of clothing had been intentional. Cecilia always seemed partial to James' clothes, even after they'd seen to her wardrobe. Abe moved behind them and held them both. 
After some time, Cecilia ran out of tears. Her breathing calmed. "Thank you," she croaked. 

"Anytime," Abe boomed. 

Clara agreed. "We're here for you. Are you hungry?"

Cecilia shook her head. She didn't have an appetite. What she really wanted was some sleep. 

"Cecilia." Abe sounded serious. "I need to know how you ended up alone on the street last night."

"I already told Detective Martin. I left the club and got a bit lost looking for a cab."

"No. Why did you leave alone?"

"I don't want to talk about it. Please?"

"Did he hurt you?" Abe demanded.

"No! Well—he. . . no. He didn't. It wasn't his fault."

"What wasn't his fault Cecilia? Why are you blaming yourself?"

"Because. It's true. It was my fault I was there. I was the stupid one." Cecilia sounded bitter.

"Cecilia. Tell me."

"It was all me. We were dancing, but I was getting too hot. I was kind of dizzy, from the drinks. I shouldn't have drunk that much..." 

Abe started to get angry. He didn't like where this was heading. It was Clara's turn to shake her head at him. Cecilia needed to tell her story uninterrupted.

"So we moved away from the dance floor, and well—we started kissing." Cecilia blushed a furious scarlet. "At first it was okay. But, soon I was having all these memories from... before." Abe scowled silently.

Clara nodded, urging her to continue. 

"I wanted some space, needed fresh air, it was so hot in there. "But he couldn't hear me over all the noise. Then I was hearing that man, Lace, in my head. I panicked. I thought I was back in that white cell. I pushed him away, Sebastian that is, and ran. Then I grabbed my things and left. I- I needed to be alone." 

Abe nodded. It actually wasn't as bad as he feared. He was certain that the Spaniard had forced himself on her, or tried to. He was insensitive and inattentive, but Sergio hadn't done anything to intentionally hurt Cecilia.

Clara asked, "Is that all? Is that everything that happened between you two?"

"Well, yes, until he found me with Abe and Detective Martin. He came looking for me. But I can't talk to him. I'm too ashamed. That's everything." 

Abe's phone chose this inopportune time to ring. He hoped it wasn't work. He couldn't leave right now. The caller ID flashed James' name. He couldn't do this now either. Clara looked towards the phone. Recognizing that the call was from James she sighed. "Answer it. He should know. He's sponsoring her amnesty. He'll find out soon enough."

"What? James? No. Please don't tell him!" Cecilia started begging. "I don't want him to know."

Clara was right. Abe left the kitchen and settled in the den. Cecilia didn't need to hear this conversation, and he trusted Clara to try to calm her down.

"James!" Abe tried to sound chipper.

"Abe. How are you?"

"Alright. How about you?"

"Oh you know, just calling to check in. I realized I haven't called much. I've been missing you all."

"We've missed you too. Where are you now?" Abe wasn't sure how to proceed.

"Japan actually." 

"Anything interesting going on there? According to the Times you've been busy with your partner."


"Ahh. Yes. I guess word about that is out in London then?" James didn't sound pleased.

"You could say that. It seems you two put on quite a show. Clara saw pictures of you and Natasha in... Berlin was it?"

"Yes. Well, that fire burned itself out I'm afraid."

Abe momentarily forgot he had bad news about Cecilia. "Say that again?"

"I broke it off with Natasha. It was fun for a bit, but she and I..."

"Not really your type?"


"That's a way of putting it. I thought we had enough other things to make it work..."

"She couldn't possibly be submissive?" Abe said it more as a statement. 

James let out a hollow laugh. "I thought I could overcome the part of me that needed that. It would make life so much easier if I could." James sounded wounded.

"You and I both know that those tendencies don't just... evaporate. No matter how tall, blonde, and talented."

"Well, that's the thing. If vanilla was ever going to work for me, it would have been with Tasha." James was sad. "As it is . . . let's just say it's a good thing her part of the tour is done."

"That bad?"

"Worse than you could possibly imagine."

"I don't know James, I can imagine a lot."

"Well, the last performance suffered a bit . . . I just couldn't get any space from her, and when I tried she got jealous . . . and angry . . . and I have no desire to deal with that kind of drama. She slapped me in the face at the end."

Abe winced in sympathy. "I'm sorry to hear that James. I really am."

"Well, I've just eliminated another bad option then. But enough about me. I should have been better about checking on Cecilia—not that I don't trust you, Abe. She's my responsibility and while I was with Tasha, I wasn't really keeping up my end of the bargain."

Bloody hell. James thought he'd been irresponsible? Abraham braced himself. "Actually James, everything's been pretty dull around here—"

"Well that's good—"

It was time to drop the other shoe. "Until last night that is."

"What happened last night?" James voice was steady. Abe didn't answer right away. 

"Abe. Abe? What happened last night?" James voice was sharper.

"The first thing you need to know is she's safe, James."

"Cecilia?! What do you mean she's safe? Why wouldn't she be?" Abe heard the accusation. It was no more than he deserved. "Abe, if you don't tell me now, so help me I'll hang up and ask Cecilia myself."

Abe wondered if that'd be better. No. James would only scare her like this. "She went out on a date last night, James. Relax."

"Tell me it wasn't that Spanish bloke." James dared Abe. So much for James being okay with Cecilia seeing other people.

"It was, as a matter of fact. James, look, keep calm and I'll tell you." 

James was gripping the phone hard. He was 9,000 kilos away and couldn't do anything. He was shaking with rage and worry. Clara and her manipulations were to blame here. Abe started speaking again, misreading James' silence for calm.

"James, they just went out for dinner and then dancing." Abe tried to deescalate, "Cecilia had a panic attack of sorts—"

"What did he do to her?" James was going to knock the overly-white teeth out of Sergio's face.

"Nothing James. He didn't do anything. She had a—a flashback, thought she was back trapped with Lace again. She panicked and ran."

"That's not the end of this story, is it?"

"No, the problems started after that. She was out alone, got a bit lost and three villains attacked her. Tried to make off with her."

"What?! Is she alright?"


"Yes, James. She's fine. Shaken, but fine. I got there before she came to any real harm. They're in police custody. Remember DCI Martin? He's on the case."

That was the first good news Abe had given James. DCI John Martin was terrible at procedure, but he always did everything he could to get his man. "How'd you get there?"

"Cecilia texted Clara that she and Sebastian were going out dancing and let her know which club. I figured I'd go and see if she needed a ride, just in case they were both too blotto to drive. I heard her call for help."

James wanted to be furious with Abe, but it seemed he actually owed him gratitude. He exhaled. "Thank God you were there Abe."

"John was on the trail too. He got there just after I did."

"It doesn't matter. I'm glad you were there."

"Me too. As it is, Cecilia's safe with us."

"What about Sergio?"

"James, we both know his name's Sebastian," Abe sighed. Much as he didn't like him, and thought he was a terrible match for Cecilia, Abe couldn't fault the ponce. He'd gone looking for Cecilia after she ran. 

"I don't care. Why on earth would he let her wander alone at night in a strange part of London?" James found a new outlet for his anger. 

"She ran James! She was afraid!"

"It's his fault she was afraid!" James had no intention of exonerating Sebastian.

Abe wasn't sure how productive it would be to continue this conversation. He felt a hand on his back, and whirled around to see Cecilia, biting her lip and trying to be tough. How long had she been listening?

"Let me talk to him? Please?"

Abe covered the microphone on his mobile. "Cecilia, I'll handle this."

"This is my fault. I'm sorry. You've done more than enough already." Cecilia looked so earnest. 

"Let me finish this conversation with him. Then you can give him a call?"

Cecilia nodded and padded out of the room. 

"Sorry, James. That was Cecilia. She wanted to talk to you."

"Put her on the line then." James was snappish.

"No," Abe was irritated, and while Cecilia needed tenderness and understanding, James could handle some tough truths. "We aren't done. It's not like she belongs to anyone here. He didn't let her do anything."

Both their tempers were rising. James considered hanging up. "You can't have it both ways, James."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"You can't refuse to act on your feelings and then expect other people to be her proxy dominant, protector, and chaperone."

"I want nothing of the sort. I just want her safe. Since I can't be there right now—"

"That's a load of bollox! You closed yourself off. You scheduled this tour. Don't blame this on me. You can't act as if you're responsible for her and then traipse around Europe with Natasha Dubnikov."

Abe touched a nerve. "This never would have happened if Clara hadn't set Cecilia up with that Spanish bastard!"

"Don't bring Clara into this. She was trying to help you, you twit!" Abe didn't stand for anyone to say a word against his wife. 

"She couldn't have found anyone else? Couldn't have found a reliable fellow who'd treat Cecilia like she deserves." Abe rolled his eyes. Christ! James was so fucking stubborn. 

"She did! You! You, bloody idiot!"

"No. That's not fair Abe. You know why that's impossible."

"I do know why it's impossible. Your damn chivalry! James, the girl wakes up after being attacked and nearly abducted, and she puts on your rugby jumper. You aren't home? She listens to recordings of you in your studio! You left the country? She was nearly catatonic for days! Stop making yourself miserable."

"I'm no good for her Abe." James' voice lacked conviction. "Don't you see how unfair that would be to her? She had all sorts of mixed signals while I was there," he thought back to the incident in his studio.

"But she goes out on a date, something you said she was entitled to do, that would be good for her, and you start acting as if she's not able to make her own decisions! Make up your mind damnit!"

James had nothing to say to that. 

"That's what I thought." Abe was satisfied. It was rare when he argued James into silence. 

"I guess that's something I have to work on. I've been selfish. Cecilia is not mine. But, she's my responsibility, and I clearly have neglected that."

If James had been in the room, Abe would have smacked him. Someone needed to smack some sense into him. Natasha hadn't done the job properly. Abe amused himself with the thought of Clara doing it... 

"Alright, Sir Tristan. Forget it. I'm not getting though to you today. Expect a call from Cecilia. I don't know why she wants to talk to you, but she does."

James throat was tight. He knew he should apologize. Instead he held onto his anger. "I'll be waiting for her call then. Take care Abe." James hung up without another word. 

Rather than wait for her call, James dialed Cecilia's mobile. It went straight to voicemail. He tried again. The same thing happened. He debated calling the house phone, when his phone buzzed. It was Abe again. James didn't want to talk to him anymore right now, especially since he knew he owed Abraham an apology. He let it go to voicemail. Immediately it rang again. James swiped to answer the call, fully intending to tell Abe to shove off. He'd lost his budding relationship, and nearly lost Cecilia all in one day. He wanted to drown himself in Scotch and wake up finding that all of this had been one awful dream. 

"James? James! It's me!" That was not Abe's voice. James swallowed the bitter words intended for Abe. 

"Cecilia?"

"Yes. Sorry, my phone is broken. Abe said I could borrow his to call you." James was thoroughly abashed.

"I want you to know it's not Abraham's fault. He rescued me. Just like you did." The hero-worship sounded so sweet coming from her voice. 

"Cecilia..." James didn't know where to begin. She sounded so distressed. "What happened to your phone?"

"It—well—last night, those men tried to take me. Clara was calling my phone, I think, and I tried to answer it and call for help. But one of them took it and threw it."

The mention of the danger Cecilia had been in made James seethe. "Are you sure you're alright Cecilia? Were you hurt?"

"Only a little. I'm fine really." She was trying to be brave for him. 

"What's 'only a little?'"

"Just a bruise on my cheek, and I scraped my hands. One of them smacked me . . ." She trailed off. She'd handled much worse, but remembering her other injuries set her synapses firing. 

"I'm sorry that I wasn't there." 

"That's so nice of you to say. But Abe and Detective John came at the right time. So..."

Cecilia was absolutely right. He owed John Martin a call. "Cecilia, can you promise me something?"

"Anything." James heard her eagerness over the phone. God, why did she have to be so perfect and so damaged? Even thousands of miles away she was hard to resist. This was why he couldn't be there. 

"Promise me you won't wander at night in unfamiliar places alone?"

"Yes Sir. I promise."

James was hard. Four little words and she had him at attention. She was so different from Natasha. How did he ever think that Natasha could be a good substitute? 

"Good Girl." He couldn't help himself. He needed to end this call. 

"James? Please don't be mad at anyone. Or just be mad at me. It's my fault. I'm the one who ran off. No one else did anything... well those awful men, but it's not Abe or Sebastian's fault. I just... "

"I'm not mad at you Cecilia."

"What about Abe? Sebastian?"

James grit his teeth. For Cecilia, he'd say the words. "I'm not mad at either of them. I'm just glad you're safe. It's getting late over here." He was on a nine-hour time difference. While it was mid-afternoon in London, it was nearing midnight in Osaka. He'd had a trying day. "Be safe. Goodnight."

"Yes. Goodnight James."

He stayed on the line until she hung up. When he heard the click he fell backwards on his bed and stared at the ceiling. He was emotionally drained, but his body wouldn't sleep. He stayed like that for some time until he gave up on rest and ventured to the bar downstairs for some sake.