The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

*****

Part 17 - Morning Massage 

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News!" shouted the lovely redheaded reporterette at precisely 7:00am, Friday, November 13th. Yes, Friday the 13th.

Bettina was was standing outside the perimeter around the warehouse that had been raided the night before as she reported: "Channel Two News is bringing you continuing coverage of the successful raid upon the Beanstalk Gang. Once the most feared drug gang in this County and even the State, it has now been utterly destroyed by the Town & County Police Department!

"The raid, led by Vice Lieutenant Teresa Croyle, netted a total of one criminal dead, eighteen arrests, and forty pallets of furniture that were stuffed with cocaine and other drugs. The street value of the drugs is conservatively estimated at well over one hundred million dollars, and is the largest drug bust in the County since the Sergei Molotov gang was interdicted two and a half years ago!"

Bettina continued: "The Beanstalk Gang is believed to be totally wiped out, and Police are following new leads based upon persons arrested that had just bought drugs from the Beanstalkers. Experts believe that other gangs will fill the void fueled by customers' insatiable desire for illegal drugs, but for now the TCPD can celebrate a major success after years of long, hard work!"

"Where are they going to store all that?" asked Martin Nash as we watched the broadcast in MCD.

"You weren't here when we thwacked Sergei Molotov--" I started.

"Literally!" interrupted Tanya Perlman with a grin. "The Iron Crowbar got his name by thwacking the blue crowbar on Sergei's back."

"Ah, those were the days." I said nostalgically. "But what I was going to say was that we learned from that experience. And it's one of the silver linings of having Precincts. The refurbished County Jail has room in the backyard with fences around it to put several 18-wheeler trailers. It'll do for now. The Crime Lab is doing analyses on the drugs, which will give us a type of 'fingerprint' on these drugs. We'll work with the FBI to see where these batches came from, and they'll run with it at the Federal level. After everyone is processed and charged, we can eventually incinerate the drugs."

"Unless we take it off your hands, like we did last time." said a voice. I whirled to see FBI Agents Jack Muscone and Sandra Speer walk into the room. It was Muscone that had spoken.

"Yes, yes you did." I said. "And that's when we first met. You interrupted my fun with the crowbar and Sergei's back." Stories were told for the Detectives that had not been here in those days.

"So, where is the heroine of the day?" asked Jack. "We wanted to congratulate Lieutenant Croyle, maybe try to hire her away from you..."

"Don't you dare." said a surprisingly quiet voice behind him. Of course, Cindy did not need to raise her voice. A blue crowbar would do the talking for her... and it was ready to.

"Methinks Lt. Croyle will be hanging out with us," I said, "unless she joins the Army. That was one of the best combat operations I've ever had the pleasure to witness, and she led it all the way."

"Where is she now?" asked Sandra.

"She'd better be at home, sleeping." I said. "As had the other Vice guys and the SWAT Team. They were up until dawn processing that scene."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Ohhhhh..." moaned Teresa quietly. This must be heaven, she thought to herself. At least I hope it's what Heaven is going to be...

She was lying on the massage table that Todd had set up in his home. She was lying on her belly, her large breasts squashed beneath her, feeling the young stud's hands massaging up and down her back as he stood at the end of the table over her head. He was working the massage oil into her skin, gently but firmly working her shoulder and back muscles.

"Oh, Todd... that feels soooooo good..." Teresa whispered. "I didn't realize how tense I had been."

"You deserve this, after that mission last night." Todd said. He was looking down the thirtysomething woman's hot body. Her back was nicely toned, and he could see the edges of her breasts under her chest. Her ass was simply magnificent. He looked down her legs to her feet, seeing her heels and her toes. The sight warmed his loins, and his cock began to thicken and grow.

Teresa noticed the bulge in Todd's blue boxers. She felt her pussy melting at the thought of using her mouth to pleasure him. As he bent farther over, to work his powerful young hands on her lower back, she reached out and began fishing his cock out of the confines of the thin clothing.

Todd realized what Teresa was doing. He interrupted the massage just long enough to slide the shorts down his legs and to the floor. He was now naked, and Teresa had a close-up view of his huge cock and his big, low-hanging balls. As Todd resumed massaging Teresa's back, she playfully cupped his nutsack and began gently massaging his heavy, full balls.

Teresa raised her head as her hand slid up to grasp Todd's thick cockshaft. Todd eased his muscular ass back just a bit as Teresa guided his prick to her mouth. She kissed the engorged helmet of his cockhead, then slid her mouth over it. Todd slowly inched his body forward as Teresa welcomed his meaty inches deeper and deeper into her mouth.

He continued to massage her as she fellated him. Teresa was enjoying giving head like she never had before, sucking hard on Todd's cock as he withdrew, her hand gently pumping the base of his huge shaft. She was taking most of it, letting the cockhead explore past her tongue and down her throat, but not as far as he could've shoved it. He was taking it easy, letting her set the limits, and for the first time she realized how caring he was about things like this, and she appreciated it.

After several minutes of the incredible pleasure of Teresa's mouth on his cock, Todd felt his balls begin to tighten. He eased his cock out of her mouth and walked to the other end of the table, telling Teresa to just relax. Applying more oil to her legs and his hands, he began to work it into her thighs and calves. Then he went to work on Teresa's shapely feet.

Todd wondered if it was hereditary that men like him were into women's feet. He knew his Uncle Don was, and he knew how exquisite Laura's feet were, and Melina's-- no, don't go there, he thought to himself. He took first one, then the other of Teresa's feet in his hands, working them to massage the muscles, hearing her sigh happily.

He took his time working his hands back up her shapely calves, feeling the tension in her muscles, realizing that legs were much firmer and stronger than they looked... and they looked like the perfect woman's legs. He worked her thighs, then her asscheeks, carefully avoiding her labes to tease her, to make her want him.

He couldn't resist the urges coming over him. He slid his cock over the soles of Teresa's feet, then along the instep of one of them. Sensing what he wanted, Teresa pushed her feet together to envelop his cock, and she felt him thrust forward, the oil lubricating their skin as his long, thick cockshaft back and forth between her sweet feet.

God! that felt good! Todd thought to himself as he took Teresa's feet in his hands, pressing them together against his cock as he gently pistoned his ass back and forth. He did this for as long as he could take it, until he felt his nut begin to rise, stopping only through the sheer force of his will.

It was time, and Todd moved up to the side of the table. He began working his hands over the muscles of Teresa's asscheeks and upper thighs, letting his fingers slide toward her pussy. Over the next few moments, he began working his hands over her labes, making her moan, then slid first one finger, then two deep inside her sopping wet pussy, making her gasp.

Sparks of hot pleasure coursed through Teresa, introducing a new tension into her body, an intensely erotic tightness that could only be massaged out of her with Todd's incredibly huge weapon of lust. 

"Oh, Todd..." she whispered. "I'm ready now. I need you inside me."

"Turn over, babe." he said. She turned over onto her back, and let him slide her down the table until her ass was just over the edge of it. He pushed her legs back almost to her breasts, putting her feet on his shoulders and pecs as he slid his cockhead up and down her swollen labes. Finding the opening, Todd pushed forward, and began sinking his ten inches into Teresa's tight, wet cunt.

"OHHHH!!" Teresa cried out as she felt her vaginal walls being pushed apart as Todd drove into her. The feeling of being penetrated, of being filled with his size, was intensely pleasurable. But she realized that there was something new to this sensation, something added... she wanted this man inside her, she wanted to give this man the pleasure of her body, she wanted this young man... to mate with her!

Todd set up an easy but powerful rhythm of thrusting. He took her feet in his hands, bringing first one then the other to his mouth, sucking Teresa's toes, then down to her heels, kissing and sucking them. Shocks of sexual pleasure coursed through his loins as he tongued her feet while fucking her pussy.

Teresa was enjoying the pleasure of being fucked by Todd, and when she opened her eyes she felt an even more intense jolt. She was looking at his washboard abs, then down to where his cock was disappearing into her honey hole beneath the light brown pubic bush on her mound. Then she looked up, thinking for the first time how really handsome this guy was, not just in a physically sexual sense, but in the sense that this was a very special guy to her. 

She didn't realize that Todd was thinking the same things about her. He'd always enjoyed the sight of her body, as a sexy woman, but now he was seeing Teresa as a beautiful woman in much more than the physical sense, and he was seeing the beauty of her face, not in the sense of a woman being fucked and showing pleasure, but in the sense that this was a woman he really wanted to be seen with, to have her at his side even when they weren't fucking their brains out...

Teresa said "Todd, I need you on top of me." Todd could not have agreed more, and was glad she asked. She slid herself back up the table as his cock reluctantly slid out of her, positioning herself as she'd originally been, with her head near one end. There was a step at the end of the table, and Todd used it to climb on, sliding over her legs and up until their loins were aligned. 

He kissed her mouth as he entered her, and felt her tongue twining over his with an eagerness neither had felt before. He noticed that she was moving her ass to meet each of his thrusts with perfect timing, and they began humping in a hot, steady rhythm, which built with the intensity of their desires for each other.

"Ohhhh!" Teresa moaned as Todd began nuzzling her neck and jaw. She wrapped her arms tightly around him, feeling the tension of his hard body that matched her own. She drove her pussy to meet his thrusts, loving the feeling of being filled by him, letting the emptiness of his withdrawal turn into the anticipation of his next plunge into her eagerly receptive body. She felt the tension increasing, the tightness of her body feeling as if it were going to explode...

Todd felt Teresa's pussy clamp down on his long, thick cock, not as hard as some other women who'd come around his pistoning prick, but enough to let him know that the lovely woman beneath him was experiencing the ecstasy of an orgasm, provided by him. He fucked her hard and steadily through it, feeling her shudder beneath him.

"Ohhh, Todd, that was so good!" she moaned, barely audibly. "You are so good to me."

"You're good for me, too." he said, kissing her mouth and looking into her eyes. "We're good together, aren't we?"

"Mmmm, the pieces fit... purrrrfectly." Teresa said. She then wrapped her arms around her young lover and pressed her mouth to his in a warm kiss that quickly turned into a deep, soul-searching embrace. Not realizing that the other was thinking the same thing, each realized that this was not just a fuck, not just physical sex... they were making love in the truest sense of the words.

Teresa was realizing that she was enjoying Todd's fucking even more than his big brother Jack Burke's. If Jack were here and she had to choose... she'd choose Todd! she realized with something of a shock. And she'd choose Todd for more than just sex.

What she did not realize, and Todd himself did not realize, was that he was thinking of Teresa while fucking her, and for the first time since he was a teenager, he was not thinking of Melina as he fucked another woman...

The room was silent except for the wet, thudding smacks of flesh on flesh as the rutting couple fucked lustily. Teresa moved her legs up and back, taking in as much of Todd's meat as she could, pushing her heels into the back of Todd's straining, powerful thighs and asscheeks to urge him on. And he surrendered to the deep, primordial urges of his soul.

As he felt his nut rise, he gasped "I can't hold out much longer, baby. Where do you want it?" He was referring to his hot load of potent, virile semen, asking as he always did if Teresa wanted to swallow it after he came in her mouth, or take it into the wet depths of her womanhood.

"Give it to me." Teresa said. "Come inside me, Todd. Shoot it into me, I want your sperm inside me..." She felt Todd increasing the speed and power of his thrusts, stabbing into her with short, driving strokes, most of his meat buried in her snatch, his balls smacking hard and loudly against her taint and asscheeks.

"UHHH!" the young stud cried out as he shoved his cock into her and stopped, pressing his thighs against hers as the first spasms of his cock shot a huge spurt of jism into her spasming pussy. He shuddered as several more pulses raced through his ten inch shaft, firing more blasts of his seed, a gray mist swirling before his eyes.

When he opened his eyes, and looked down at Teresa, he saw that she was looking at him the same way... with wonderment, and with a joy that went beyond the ecstasy of a sexual release. And he was only seeing Teresa... there was no other woman in his mind. If he'd realized it, he'd have thought 'Melina, who?'... but only Teresa was on his mind, and in his head, now.

"Mmmm, now that is what I call a good massage." Teresa said. "Thank you, Todd."

"Mmmm, you're welcome, Teresa." He bent down and kissed her. They began making out in the pleasing lassitude of post-coital bliss, their hands exploring each other, holding each other... and neither of them saying the words that each wanted to say, but were afraid to commit to...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

At 9:00am I introduced Chief Moynahan to Jack Muscone and Sandra Speer in the Chief's conference room. We spent a good while discussing the drug bust. We were joined by Cindy Ross and ADAs Paulina Patterson and Jenna Stiles.

Paulina said "Since you FBI guys are here, I wanted to give you all a heads-up that KSTD dropped the lawsuit over the Jack Burke tapes."

"Oh, really?" I asked, surprised.

"Well, Don," said Jack Muscone, "after our higher-ups in Washington, D.C. went to the Federal judge and got the tapes classified, what's the point of keeping it going?" 

I knew exactly who one of those 'higher-ups' was... I sleep with her almost every night.

"Commander, you'll need to get the classified portions of those handed over to the FBI, then destroyed on our servers." said the Chief. "The last thing we neeeeeed is classified information on our servers, no matter how safe the information may beeee."

"I've already got people working on that, Chief." I said. "What's surprising to me is that KSTD relented. I figured they'd go all out to get the non-classified tapes."

"They can't." said Jack. "If you give all but one tape, that de facto reveals the Federal agent's identity if they have the names. The Federal judge knew that, and so slapped the classification on all the tapes."

"Makes sense. I guess." I said. No one present was fooled that I was in any way mollified by the explanation.

"Okay," said Moynahan, "let's turn to this drug bust. ADA Stiles, what are we doing with it?"

"First of all, congratulations to all of you," said Jenna, "and to Lt. Croyle and her Vice Squad for this bust. It's truly huge." We all murmured agreement.

Jenna said "The Abacus, that's Detective Newton, is already working on the financial information we've found. She's prepping a list of questions she wants us to ask when we start the interrogations. I'm sure you Commander, and you, Captain, will have many more questions for them."

"Noooo doubt about that." said Cindy. I barely nodded, halfway in a reverie.

Jenna continued: "We're also already beginning to work with the FBI to add Federal charges and to interdict the pipelines into the County. It'd be nice if they try to use the same ones they've been using, but I won't hold my breath on that."

"That brings up a point." said Sandra Speer. "I have to admit: I am amazed the Beanstalk Gang continued to operate after the Viscottis were busted."

"Yeah, Teresa and I were talking about that, too." said Cindy. "She halfway expected to find that warehouse empty, or at least no people there and the drugs abandoned."

"Perhaps... they were told to continue operating." I said, revealing what I'd been thinking for some time. "Perhaps they were sacrificed like lambs... on the alter of the Consultant of Crime." I said, somewhat dramatically.

"Well, Agent Musssconnnne," drawled the new Chief, "you get the stakes and I'll get the lighter fluid. Witch trial to fol-low." Jack Muscone laughed heartily. I could tell they were going to get along well.

I grinned and then said, primarily for Cindy's benefit as she was staring hard at me, "Bettina said it on her broadcast: other gangs will be coming in. I suspect the Consultant knew that we were onto the Beanstalkers, so he told them that all was well and to keep on going... which let us take them out. I would suggest that means he already has plans and new pipelines for drugs into the County."

"Or organized it for someone else, who is going to pay him a fortune." said Cindy. "That would be his m.o. more than doing it himself."

"Nice point." said Sandra. I nodded in agreement as Sandra said "So who is the beneficiary of this?"

"There are several." I said. "T-Square's people will jump to begin supplying the Tenderloin District's clubs and pushers. That leaves two other major areas: the affluent areas north of Town, with the rich kids and the bored hot wives; and the University, which includes the strip of clubs and restaurants along University Avenue where the students go to party."

"We're working on the drugs from the other end." said Jack Muscone. "We're hoping to get leads on who shipped that stuff into the County, how they did it, and then we'll see what they're doing elsewhere and maybe bust some other rings in this and other States."

After some more discussion, the Chief broke up the meeting, asking to speak to Jack Muscone alone in the Chief's office. Sandra headed to MCD, as Cindy had asked to speak to me in my office.
"That was a good observation about the Consultant setting up things for others." I said as we settled into our chairs in my office. "So... whassup, Cousin?"

"I'm wondering what awards to write up for everyone." said Cindy. "Teresa should get something extra after both the Viscotti and Beanstalk busts."

A quick explanation of the Town & County Public Safety Department medals: they are similar to the military's medals. There are Police medals (blue edge on the ribbons), Fire medals (red edges), Deputies (brown edges), and Public Health (salmon pink edges), and then there's a Public Safety version of most of the medals, with gray edges, that are slightly above the others.

There are Certificates of Achievement below, and then the actual medals. At the low rung are Achievement Medals, then Commendation Medals. Following that are the Lifesaving Medal, the Orange Order (and Fire and EMS equivalents), then above them the Purple Order.

The Star of Gallantry is next, with only Police, Fire, and Public Service overall having these. They're like Bronze Stars. The next level above them are the Sheriff's Medal (Public Service), Police Medal, Fire Medal, etc. Then a 'Legion of Excellence", a new medal that had not yet been awarded. Then came the Distinguished Service medals for each branch with a Public Service one as well (which is like the Department of Defense Service Medal, followed by the Army Distinguished Service Medal and the Navy's, etc.). Topping it off were the Distinguished Police Cross, Distinguished Fire Cross, and the highest award, the Medal of Valor.

There had been no Distinguished Police Crosses given out in the last 30 years, though three Medals of Valor had been awarded in that time. By way of contrast, the Fire Department had awarded six Fire Crosses but no Medals of Valor in that same period.

I said to Cindy "Did anyone do anything particularly heroic? Take fire to distract from others?"

Cindy replied "From the reports, two guys were going to ambush our SWAT guys, but Teresa started firing at them. Another perp was apparently keying on that and tried to shoot her, but Hugh Hewitt pulled her back out of the way, and that last perp died from his many wounds. That seems to be as close as anything got. Of course, it was a firefight. Everyone was in danger."

"True." I said. "Okay, you know the drill: write up the SWAT Teams for Commendation Medals, which will be reduced to Achievement Medals by the Council. You can put Teresa in for a Star, but it'll likely be reduced to a Commendation Medal. At that point, I'll go beat up the Council and the Sheriff to make it a Public Service Commendation Medal instead of just a Police one, in order to encompass both the Viscotti and Beanstalk successes."

Cindy said "The Fire Department has extra medals that the rest of us don't. They have one between Commendation Medals and the Lifesaving Award. I wish we had something like that."

"Me too." I said. "But I've got bigger things to fight with the Council over--"

*BUZZZZZ!* *BUZZZZZ!* *BUZZZZZ!*

It was my assistant Helena French buzzing me. She said that I had an 'urgent' phone call. I took it.

"This is Mrs. Peabody. I'm in my office, Commander..." said Adele Peabody, which let me know she was being formal because she might be overheard. "...and I just wanted you to know that I think someone might have been following me this morning."

"Oh really?" I said, sitting up in my chair. "Tell me about it." Mrs. Peabody told me that an old-model, run-down-looking car kept showing up in her rear view mirror, seeming to follow her at a distance. Since the neighborhood she lived in and traveled through did not normally have many cars that looked like they came out of the Tenderloin District or Southwestern Ghetto, she took notice.

"I have a parking place in the basement parking lot, which that car could not enter." said Mrs. Peabody. "I kept watch, but didn't see anyone outside looking into the parking lot."

"Okay." I said. "Keep a sharp eye out, and don't go to lunch alone. Also, I'll ask a patrol car to follow you home tonight to make sure no one is tailing you."

After hanging up, I looked up at Cindy and told her that the call was about someone at City Hall possibly being followed, though I did not name names. "Did you see anyone following you today?" I asked.

"No." Cindy replied. "But that's because I slept here after we monitored the Beanstalk Gang raid. And don't you dare complain: you've been up all night at the scene."

"Well, I did come back here, and got a couple of hours sleep." I said. "Hmmm, let me call Laura."

I called my wife and asked her if she noticed anyone following her or seeming to be watching her. She said that she was always watchful, of course, and had seen no one. I told her to be on the lookout for any potential issues.

"Sounds like you have a vibe about this." said Cindy.

"And he should." said the voice of the woman who'd just walked in on us. It was ADA Paulina Patterson. "I heard the tail end of your conversation, and I was just coming into tell you that someone was following me in to work this morning also. I made some quick left turns and lost them." Her description of the car was similar to the one that had followed Mrs. Peabody: older, decrepit, and easily observed in its mediocrity.

"All right, then." I said. "Cindy, it's time for a public service announcement to all of our Detectives. Paulina, if you'll let all of the D.A.'s Office people know. Everyone should call their families and tell them to watch over their shoulders, just to be on the safe side."

I called Molly and told her to be on the lookout, then called my mom. The background noise of her phone suggested she was in a room full of people. She said she'd be on guard.

Cindy came back in. "Okay, you definitely have a vibe about this. Do I need to use a crowbar to get it out of you?"

"You've heard what I've heard, and seen what I've seen." I've said. "So you tell me." That got me one of 'those' looks from my partner, but she thought about it, then finally admitted defeat.

"Like Paulina said," I finally told her, "KSTD dropped the lawsuit over the Burke tapes."

"So what?" Cindy said. "I thought Jack Muscone's answer was a good one."

"Except that everything I know about Priya and KSTD suggests they'd never go this far and then just give up." I replied. "And State Senator Woodburn put out a statement of support for KSTD and hoped they'd continue the fight. They had political backing... but then rolled over like dogs named 'Brownlee'."

"Sorry, I'm still the Junior Michaux, here." Cindy said. "I'm not connecting these dots."

"Yeah, I'm the paranoid Michaux, here." I replied. "But what I'm seeing is that a certain Consultant was using KSTD and the lawsuit to get those tapes, to get the information that he does not know we already have. The lawsuit is dropped, meaning he's not going that route any longer. And that means he'll go after them through other means, which I fear may be by threatening harm to my family, friends, or Police colleagues."

"Okay." Cindy said. "I'll tell Jenna to make sure she doesn't go anywhere alone. I left Teresa a text message and email, and I emailed your mom."

"I called my mom, your sister, and of course Laura." I said. "Well, we have a long, long day of interrogating Beanstalkers today. Let's get to it."

"By the way," Cindy said, "is Julie enough to handle all this financial information? Do you think she needs Krueger to help?"

"Naah, she can handle it." I said. "She's probably already catalogued six leads and will be asking Jenna and the Feds for more warrant even as we're talking now..."

Part 18 - Friday the 13th 

"How about lunch." I asked Cindy as I stepped into her office. "My treat."

"Sure." she replied. "Where?"

"It's a bit cold," I said, "but we can walk to Courthouse Square and to one of the restaurants there."

Indeed, it was clear and cold today, in the 30s. Cindy was wearing a Police windbreaker (darned Canadian, not feeling the cold at all, I thought to myself), and I was wearing my black leather jacket with the sewn-in badge over the left breast, and my rank pinned on the epaulets. I really liked the leather jacket, which I also knew had a thin lining of armor protection within it.

"Wow," I said, "look at all the old people on the Square." Indeed, there were pairs of older citizens sitting on park benches, walking along the sidewalks, some sitting at outside tables of the bistros. They were well-bundled against the cold temperatures.

"Yeah." Cindy said. "Wonder why? It's cold, and they could be at the Community Center if they wanted to."

We went into a sandwich shop and got subs and coffee. Despite the cold, we sat outside, watching the Square. Cindy noticed me peering about.

"You're looking for something." she said, then realized my plan. "Are you hoping to see someone following or watching us?"

"I sure am, Crowbar 2." I said. "But except for all these old people noticing two Police Officers walking along the Square, no one has really drawn my attention."

"Well, it was a try." said Cindy. "A good try."

"Yep." I said. "Maybe I'm just being paranoid, after all."

"No." Cindy said. "I didn't tell you this earlier, but I'm feeling the vibe as well. I've felt uncomfortable all morning long. Jenna took Gor-don with her to the Courthouse, so she's not alone. It's your mother that keeps coming to my mind."

"Where is she now?" I asked. I got out my cellphone and texted my mom. She texted back that she was with friends at the Community Center. I texted to be watchful and she texted back and said to tell Cindy to stop worrying about her...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"What are you still doing here?" asked Chief Moynahan as he walked into my office at 7:45pm, still Friday the 13th. He'd been on his way out and had seen the light on in my office.

"Just correlating all this paperwork, Chief." I said. "Hours of interrogation of the Beanstalk Gang. Most of the guys were underlings, did what they were told. The leaders, the top two guys, are holding out for deals in exchange for loosening their tongues. The underlings have public defenders, for the most part. The top guys are represented by Chase, Lynch, and Berry, P.C."

"Mind if I have a seat?" asked the Chief.

"Oh, sure, sorry about that." I said, not having realized the Chief wanted to stay and talk.

As he sat down, Moynahan said "Those FBI friends of yours are a riot. I am going to suggest to Mr. Nash to get a ring on Ms. Speer's finger, and soooooon. And I'm surprised you haven't gone off and joined them yet."

"Chief," I said, "Unless and until the Council fires me, I plan to be with this Police Force right here in this Town until I'm either retired or dead and buried."

"Heh heh heh heh. That's good to hear." said Moynahan. "And you've built up a really fantastic young Police Force here. My friend Griswold was able to do some things, but he had a lot of corruption to clean out. He tells me that you cleaned out the Augean Stables for him, allowed him to retire leaving his Force in good hands."

"And now it's in your good hands." I said. "Well, officially after next Tuesday's second reading of the bill. I don't expect any problems there--" I stopped talking as I noticed a blonde streak pass down the hall. My door was open and I could see through the glass of the door to the anteroom into the hallway.

A moment later, that blonde streak came back. Cindy Ross came into my office. "I'm sorry to interrupt, Commander, Chief," she said, "but have you seen Jenna around here lately?"

"No." I said. I noticed that Cindy was trying hard to hide agitation on her ruggedly pretty face.

"She's not answering her cellphone." Cindy said. She was dialing Jenna's number again, but not getting an answer.

"Have you tried Gor-don's number?" I asked.

"I don't know it." Cindy replied.

"When did you last talk to her?" I asked.

"About 6:30." Cindy said. "She's been in Court all day, filing papers related to the Beanstalk Gang arrests. She said she was going to be in meetings with the D.A., then she and Gor-don would come back here."

"Tell you what." I said. "Go to the Duty Desk, get Gor-don's number and call his cellphone. I'll call the D.A.'s office and the Courthouse."

"I'll come with you to the Duty Desk, Captain." said Chief Moynahan, and I realized why... he intended to not let Cindy be alone until her fiancée was found.

I called the D.A.'s office, and to my surprise got D.A. Krasney himself. "Hi, Mr. Krasney." I said. "I'm looking for ADA Stiles. Is she over there?"

"No, Commander," said Krasney. "She left an hour ago with her assistant. She said she was going to her office at your Headquarters. Isn't she there?"

"I didn't see her, but I've been in my office all day. I'll check and see what's up. Talk to you later." I hung up, then called Myron and told him to bring himself and Mary back into Headquarters. I then walked up to the Duty Desk. Cindy was on her cellphone.

"No answer from Gor-don." she said, her face becoming more visibly worried. "I'm getting his voicemail."

"Give the Duty Desk the make, model, and license plate of Jenna's car." I said. "Guys, radio all Precincts and patrols to find ADA Stiles's' car. Priority, and let them know the Police Commander is personally interested." That was done, then I had Cindy come back to my office with me. 

I called Paulina, who was at home, and asked her to try to get in touch with Jenna or Gor-don, and for her (Paulina) to be very careful and not be alone in public tonight. She said she was coming to Headquarters, and I said I'd dispatch a police officer to drive her here.

"I'm going to call the Sheriff." said Chief Moynahan. He left for his office.

"I'm sure she's all right." Cindy was saying, more to herself than to me. "She probably took Gor-don to supper after all the work they did today, and..." Her voice trailed off as she noticed I was typing on my cellphone beneath the level of my desk. I had hoped she wouldn't observe it. The text read 'Come to HQ stat.'."

It was being sent to Lt. Teresa Croyle.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

An hour later, Police Headquarters was buzzing. Paulina was in her office next to mine, and so was D.A. Krasney. Myron and Mary were downstairs, their fingers buzzing over computer keyboards. Tanya Perlman was in MCD with Joanne Cummings and Martin Nash. Jack Muscone was in my office with me. Teresa Croyle was in Vice, working with Christopher Purvis and Hugh Hewitt and his SWAT Team.

And Molly Evans was sitting with Cindy and Sandra Speer in Cindy's office. It would seem that when Chief Moynahan had gone to call the Sheriff, he'd made a second call, knowing that Captain Ross might need some support from her sister. I didn't mind having Molly and my soon-to-be-born child inside the safety of Police Headquarters, either.

My Police cellphone rang. It was Sergeant Rudistan. Myron had found the signals from Jenna and Gor-don's cellphones, and I had sent Rudistan and Morton to the area, with orders that they call me on the cellphone and not the police radio... to which Cindy was listening.

"Sir," Rudistan said. "We've got the car. It's in an alley behind the buildings along Jefferson Avenue. Not too far from Smith-Morra Pharmacy and the Bishop Pawnshop. Nobody inside, but ADA Stiles's purse is in the car as well as their cellphones. No blood that I can see, but no people." My heart sank as I told him to phone the Crime Lab and get a team to investigate the scene.

Jack Muscone looked at me, needing no great feat of detection to see what was on my face. I just nodded and got up and walked to the Conference Room, to exercise a most painful duty. I do not care to remember how Cindy's face looked the instant she saw mine, followed by my words:

"We've found her car..."

Part 19 - Brutality and Deceit 

The dank smell of the dark room was the first thing Jenna noticed when the mask was taken off her face. Then she looked around, seeing the black walls, and what looked like a wide archway to the hall, with bars across it. Across the hall was another such room.

Where am I? she thought to herself. Is this one of Rita's dungeons? She only knew that she'd been carried down a flight of stairs, then unceremoniously dumped-- hard-- onto the metal bed with a thin mattress on it. She now realized that he right hand was handcuffed to the bed's rail that served as a headboard.

To her right was a black brick wall. She looked to her left, and saw that Gor-don was sitting on the bed on the other side of the room, which was at least 20 feet wide, and not nearly as deep from the jail bars to the back wall. He was not shackled to the bed. He looked scared.

And then she saw him. He was medium height, stocky but not fat, wearing a black shirt and olive-green military-style pants which were very old and frayed. He was also wearing a black mask, with lighter colored cloth over each eye and the nose and mouth. Like a weird Spider Man mask.

"What is this?" she demanded, trying bravado. "What do you want from us?"

"From you?" the man said, his voice muffled by the mask, "a hot piece of ass. But we're not really interested in you. We want what the Iron Crowbar has."

With that he came over and slapped her, hard. Her cheek burned from the blow as he said "Do not speak until spoken to, bitch." He reached out and tore Jenna's blouse open. He then produced a small knife, and cut her bra straps, roughly pulling it out, exposing her breasts. Her nipples were hard from the cold, and the man took notice. He began squeezing and kneading her breasts with his gloved hands.

"Get away from me, you bastard!" she gasped. The man laughed sardonically.

"Get off of her!" she heard from the side. Gor-don had said the words, coming to her rescue. The man got up.

"Stand up, punk." he ordered Gor-don. "STAND UP!" Gor-don slowly stood up. The man swung his left arm, punching Gor-don solidly in the gut. Gor-don bent over and fell back onto the bed, gasping in pain.

"Stand up, punk!" the man ordered. When Gor-don did not move fast enough, the man reached down and pulled Gor-don up off the bed.

"Strip, punk!" the man ordered. "Get your fucking clothes off." Gor-don complied, but left his underwear on. "ALL of it, punk!" the man growled. Gor-don dropped hid drawers, revealing his cock, which was surprisingly large on his lean, punkish body.

The man went over to Jenna and reached between her legs, under her skirt. She tried hard to keep them shut, and the man slapped her face again, hard. Only the glove prevented the blow from doing worse damage to her face.

"Spread your legs, bitch!" he ordered. When Jenna did not comply, he forced her legs apart and grabbed her panties, practically tearing them off as he pulled then down her legs. Finally, the flimsy fabric fell to the floor.

"Get over here, punk!" ordered the masked man. "Get down that and eat her pussy. Eat that bitch's cunt, make it wet for me."

"Leave her alone, jerk." Gor-don said back.

"Punk, you do not understand." the man said. "You either eat her pussy, or you watch me beat her to death." He provided an example by smashing his closed fist into Jenna's jaw, just below her mouth.

"All right, all right, just leave her alone." Gor-don said. He went to the end of the bed and got between Jenna's legs. Her skirt was hitched up, revealing her pussy and her pubic bush of dark red hair. He leaned forward and slid his tongue over her slit.

Jenna tried hard not to respond, but could not deny the shock of pleasure that she felt from the young punk's tongue. How could she be responding this way? she thought to herself.

"Get your fucking face in there, punk." said the masked man. "Get face deep in there and eat that whore pussy."
For the next few minutes it was quiet in the room, lit only by the hallway lamp. As Gor-don ate Jenna's pussy, the man went over and flicked a light switch, turning on the ceiling lamp. It was one bulb, one cone of light, and looked like the lights in interrogation rooms in the movies.

The man watched as the pretty redhead was being eaten by the slender, well-hung young punk. He unzipped his pants and took out his own cock, which was average sized at best, and began stroking it. Fear coursed through Jenna as she saw what the man was doing, fear which negated the pleasure of Gor-don's tongue expertly working over her pussy.

The man noticed that Gor-don was hard, his long cock taut and throbbing. "Har! Your punk boyfriend has a hard-on, bitch!" the man said derisively, chuckling. "Okay, punk, get on top of the bitch and fuck her!"

"Leave her alone, you fucking bastard--" Gor-don started, but as the man advanced on them, Jenna broke in.

"It's okay, Gor-don." she said. "Just do what he says."

"About time you showed some fucking brains, bitch." the man growled. "Get to it, punk. Fuck your bitch!" Gor-don eased up onto Jenna, mounting her. He dryhumped her with several strokes, then his cockhead found her hole. He used his hand to help guide himself in, then pushed forward, sheathing his cock to the hilt in Jenna's warm, dark pussy.

Primal instincts kicked in, and Gor-don soon was pumping in and out of Jenna with long, deep strokes. He looked down at her and whispered "I'm sorry about this." but did not stop fucking her as if they were lovers after a hot date.

"It's okay, Gor-don." she said. "He's making us do this. Just don't do anything rash and make him more violent..."

"Shut the fuck up, bitch." the man ordered. He was still stroking his cock in rhythm to Gor-don's thrusts into Jenna's violated vagina. "You, punk, get your fucking ass moving! Fuck that bitch! Come on, FUCK HER!"

As Gor-don began fucking Jenna harder, she began realizing that something about the man was familiar, and she realized his voice is familiar, I've heard that voice before! She could not remember who's voice it was, but she was certain that this man... was someone she knew.

The steady fucking continued for another minute, but Gor-don could not hold back. "I'm gonna come." he announced.

"Come inside that bitch's cunt, punk!" ordered the man. "You know you want to drop your load inside that pussy." He didn't know that this was not Gor-don's first time fucking Jenna... she had been giving him pussy every so often in her office. And that pussy now had Gor-don too worked up. With a gasp, he let it go, feeling his essence releasing into the redheaded woman beneath him.

"Damn, with a cock like that," said the man, "I expected a better performance. You really are pathetic, punk. Get over to your bed." Gor-don got off the bed, his half-hard cock smeared with Jenna's juices and his own semen. The man ordered Gor-don to sit on his bed, then cuffed his left wrist to the footboard rail of the bed.

"Now, punk, watch this." said the man. "This is how a real man fucks a whore." With that, the man went to Jenna's bed. He pushed her legs back and mounted her. She tried to move her hips to keep him from penetrating her.

"Yeah, baby, move that ass." the man growled. "You know you want this turkeyneck." He finally found Jenna's opening, and shoved forward, groaning as the hot wetness of her cream-filled cunt enveloped his invading cockmeat.

He began fucking her hard, really hard, driving his meat forward with hard thrusts, not really pulling out but pushing in hard again. "Yeah, baby, I'm going to give what you NEED!" he shouted into her face. Though muffled by the mask, Jenna still realized that his voice was familiar, even as shooting arcs of pain coursed through her loins and lower back.

The man raped Jenna for another minute, and did not try to hold back. He shot his load into her, mixing his semen with the froth that had been Gor-don's much larger load. Jenna hoped that this would be the end of it for a while as the man got off of her and slapped her face hard again.

Then she looked at the doorway in the middle of the wall of iron bars... and saw three more men, also masked but in fully black clothing. One of them already had his penis out through the opening in his pants, and this cock was easily as large, if not larger, than Gor-don's cock. 

"Fuck her, 'Tiny'." the first man ordered, meaning the well hung stud. The stud complied, mounting Jenna.

"UHHH!" she cried out as she was invaded by the huge prick. This man was young, she could tell, and very well-built, very muscular under the black clothing he was wearing. He began fucking her hard and deep, not as violently as the first thug, but with plenty of power, his cockhead slamming into the back wall of her vagina causing her pain, the friction of their coupling beginning to hurt, as well.

It was only the beginning of the several hours Jenna would endure in this ordeal of sexual brutality...

Part 20 - Command and Chaos 

I was looking at the large map of the Town that hung on the wall of the Main Conference Room. The board behind it was magnetic, and a small magnetic square had been placed where Jenna's car had been found.

"They could be anywhere." I said. "Warehouse District, Industrial District, Central District, and on southward to the Tenderloin District and the Southwestern Ghetto areas."

"Do you think they'll contact us? And soon?" asked Jack Muscone, who was in the room with me. My wife Laura was also in the room with us. She'd brought the kids over, and they were sleeping along with Molly's child Ross, Tanya's son Pete, and other children in the empty office next to the Chief's office on makeshift beds. At least here, they were better protected than they would be at their own homes.

"Yes." I said. "I'm kind of surprised they haven't already."

"At least the Press hasn't gotten ahold of it--" Jack started. He was interrupted by a knock on the door, and Lt. Scott Peterson looked in.

"KSTD and KXTC have both contacted me in the last five minutes about it." said Peterson. I looked balefully at Jack Muscone.

"I jinxed you." said Muscone. "Sorry about that."

"It was bound to happen." I said. "Brownlee hasn't shown up, even though the Chief had the Duty Desk call him. Want to bet me he called the Press instead?"

"Hell no." said Jack. "Betting against you is sheer stupidity."

"What do you want me to tell them?" asked Peterson.

"Tell them we have no comment." I said. "And if they make even one public statement that is false, I will have their reporters arrested and jailed for libel and then sue them to death." Peterson got out. Jack, Laura and I went back to my office. My mother was sitting on the sofa, waiting for us.

"So," said Jack, sitting down in one of the 'hot' chairs in front of my desk, "how's Cindy doing?"

As I sat down behind my desk I said "Why don't you ask her?" Indeed, a platinum blonde time-bomb was walking into my office, trying hard to hold herself together. Molly was behind her.

"I'm okay, Jack." Cindy said, trying hard to show it. "Don, I need something to do. Anything. This waiting and doing nothing is worse than anything."

"I hear you." I said. "And I wish I had something to give you, and myself, to do. All we can do is wait. The SWAT Team is ready to go if we can get a lead on where she and Gor-don are. We've got patrols out everywhere, we've got people out asking about anything suspicious, we've got people checking with C.I.s We're doing all we can, Cindy."

"I know." Cindy said, sitting down next to Jack Muscone. Her eyes looked strange, more deeply introspective than I'd ever seen. She was going deep within herself to hold on to herself, I realized.

"Well, it's nearly ten o'clock." said Jack. "Why don't I order some pizzas. We've gotta eat, no matter how we feel..."

*BRING!* *BRING!* *BRING!* *BRING!*

I was surprised my office had any ceiling tiles left, so high did everyone jump at the sound of my Police cellphone going off. The number on it said "BLOCKED"... and for a number to be blocked on this Police cellphone was extraordinary.

"This is it, guys." I said quietly, then answered the phone: "Commander Troy."

"Turn on Police Channel Two." said a deep, muffled voice. I grabbed the remote and turned on my TV, mouthing "Police Channel Two" to everyone. Molly rushed off to tell everyone in MCD and Vice.

Police Channel Two was one of two internal police channels on our closed circuit feed. It usually had general announcements; indeed, it had been running messages about Thanksgiving schedules.

The screen showed a darkened room. It looked like a dungeon. On their knees in the center of the room were Jenna and Gor-don. Jenna's skirt was on, but she did not have a shirt on and her breasts were in full view. Gor-don was only in his underwear. Behind them were two masked men in black ninja-like coveralls. Jenna and Gor-don both had ball-gags in their mouths.

"Oh my God." I heard Cindy whisper, seeing her worst fears confirmed.

Another man appeared, much closer to the camera. He was tall and seemed slender, and wore a suit and tie. His face was masked in what looked like white cloths, with hardly any room for eye slits. He put a cellphone to his masked face.

"Can you see us, Commander?"

"Yes." I said into the phone. My voice echoed back; like the man's voice, my own was being re-transmitted by the broadcast. I noticed that my office was filling up with people fast: the Chief, Tanya, Teresa, and Joanne Cummings had come in.

"You have two hours to bring us a DVD copy of the Jack Burke sex tapes." said the voice of the tall masked man. "Every tape, of every woman in those tapes. You will bring the tapes to a manhole at the southeast corner of Courthouse Square, which is painted with an orange 'X'. Drop the tapes into the manhole. Any attempt to follow or trap my courier of the tapes will cause these hostages to be executed. Any tracking devices found on the DVDs will result in the hostages being executed."

"How do I know you won't kill them anyway?" I asked, which I fully expected the perps to do to their victims.

"Because I've told you that I won't." said the muffled voice. "I will set them free when I have what I want."

"We physically cannot copy the files in two hours." I said. "I need more time."

"Fine, take your time." said the voice. "I will give you until... six o'clock tomorrow morning. But remember this, Commander Troy... every minute you delay in bringing those tapes to that manhole... is a minute my men have with your woman Assistant District Attorney." He looked over at the man behind Jenna, who reached over her shoulders and began mauling her breasts in his gloved hands. Jenna moaned into her gag and squirmed.

"Leave her alone." I said. "I'll deliver the tapes."

"Better do it soon." said the masked man. "My men are horny, like Ajax in the Temple with Cassandra, and I cannot... and will not... restrain them." With that, the picture faded to black, and the room exploded in chaos. The voices only stopped when a loud police whistle blew... and it was me doing the whistling.

"Everyone," I said in the sudden silence, "take a breath, and don't talk." I picked up the phone and called Myron. "Myron, did you get that recorded?"

"Yes, sir." said Myron.

"Okay, we need to get it where we can play it back, and in the MCD room." I said. "After you do that, come to my office." Hanging up the phone, I gave orders. 

"Lieutenant Perlman," I said, "have everyone review that tape for any clues to where the hostages might be. Lieutenant Croyle, keep working with C.I.s about suspicion activity in abandoned buildings towards the east side of Town, probably along Jefferson Avenue."

"Why there?" asked Jack Muscone.

"They're underground, from what I could tell of that room." I said. "Buildings near the River don't have basements; they would flood. The buildings on higher ground as we get towards University Avenue could have basements. Also, that manhole at Courthouse Square... there's a pretty large drainage line under there, with branches, and they mainly go anywhere but west. It's a good place for the drop; the perp collecting the tapes can go in any direction, and we can't cover them all."

"Commander," said Joanne Cummings, "do you think there's an underground connection between that manhole and the building they've got Jenna and Gor-don in?"

"That's a good thought, Ms. Cummings." I said. "It's very possible. But the large drainage pipe gets narrow pretty quickly, and humans can't crawl too far."

"Sir," said Cummings,"when the pharmacist Lockhart was murdered and you had me in charge of the scene, that pharmacy had a basement where some drugs were kept."

"Did it look like that room?" I asked.

"No sir, but similar. Cool and dark." said Joanne.

"Wait a minute." said Muscone. He got out his cellphone. "I'm going to call our DEA guys that raided Fillmore Pharmacy. They said it had basement rooms full of drugs. Is it okay if I send them a still shot from that video?"

"Sure." I said.

Just then, Laura came up to my desk and said "I need to speak to you alone."

"Okay everyone, out of my office!" I ordered. "Jack, Cindy, and Myron can stay. The rest of you, go look at the tape and work your memories, and be on stand-by for further instructions." The room cleared, except for Jack, Myron, Cindy, my mom, and my wife.

"Are you going to give them the tapes?" Laura asked.

"Not the classified one." I said, meaning the one of Melina. "But they can have the rest. The Enemy does not know that they are no longer of value to their client."

Laura was shocked by my words, but leaned over and whispered into my ear "As long as Melina's tape is held back, I'll authorize you to give up the others, to save you from any charges regarding classified material."

"Thank you." I whispered back. Laura then hugged me and kissed my cheek.

"I know this is killing you." she said. "Whatever you need from me, let me know."

"I love you." I whispered to her. Then I looked at Myron, who was awaiting orders.

"Myron," I said, "did you make that copy of the tapes the other day?"

"Yes sir." said Myron. "They're locked in the safe in the Evidence vault inside the Evidence rooms."

"Good." I said. "And the Sheriff's wife's tape is not part of that set?"

"No sir." said Myron. "Nor is the other woman's, who you told me to hold back."

"You can put that one in with the set." I said. "Just not our Sheriff's wife. I'm not giving these bastards campaign fodder. Now, Myron, tell me how they were able to broadcast that on our closed-circuit Police channel feed."

"That would be easy enough to do, sir." said Myron. "The signal is sent with our radio traffic in the police band ranges. Our signal is encrypted, but someone who knows the frequency could send a signal that overrides it."

Jack Muscone said "It may be too late, but I'll contact the FCC and the National Guard Signal Corps." He looked at Laura, who looked back at him. I knew that they were thinking that the NSA could be contacted, as they track virtually every radio signal generated in the Nation.

Just then, Lt. Scott Peterson burst into the room. "Commander," he said breathlessly, "that broadcast on our closed-circuit line... was also sent to KSTD and KXTC. KXTC says they won't air it, but KSTD asked for a statement from the Commander, and said they fully intend to broadcast the whole thing."

"Hold on, Don!" said Jack, seeing my face as I was getting up. "I'll call the FCC right now. If KSTD broadcasts one second of that, they'll be shut down, and I'll personally go and do it." He was on the phone, and I tried to relax.

I looked at Cindy, who had not moved and was still looking at me. "We're going to get her back." I said.

"I appreciate your willingness to do this, Don," Cindy said, "but do you really think they'll let her go? They won't kill her?"

"I'm not exactly taking Slender Man there at his word." I said, speaking of the man in the suit and facial shrouds that had been the speaker. "As hard as it will be on Jenna, I'm going to try to find them and rescue them first. Only at the last minute will I give them the tapes."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

At 11:30pm, Jack Muscone and Teresa Croyle came into my office. Jack said "A couple of my DEA friends said that they can't be totally sure, but that dungeon room looks like the basement of Fillmore Pharmacy."

Teresa said "A couple of our C.I.s said that the Fillmore Pharmacy, which has been empty since the DEA raided the place and arrested Fillmore, has had some lights on off and on for the past week or so. They did report it to us, and we've had patrols drive by from time to time, but didn't catch anything."

"That has to be it." said Cindy.

"Okay, Croyle," I said, "go get the SWAT Team and bring them to the Main Conference Room. This one requires some planning."

I went with Jack, Laura, my mom, and Cindy to the Conference Room and brought out the map of the area, covering the large table with it. The SWAT Team was soon filing in.

"Okay, Hugh." I said. "There are underground passages that go near Fillmore Pharmacy and connect to underground tunnels. There's a cross-connection tunnel going north towards the drop point at Courthouse Square. You can get to and access these tunnels from this point here..." I pointed to a spot west of Fillmore Pharmacy "... and get in place. Some of your guys are going to have to be tunnel rats tonight."

"Sounds like fun." Hugh said. "This juncture is a 'T'; we'll have to barricade one side so that they can't go through... and we don't end up shooting at each other."

"How do you guys know all this?" asked Jack Muscone incredulously.

"Jack, you haven't been drilled until you've had this man drill you on every street on that map." Cindy replied. "It's paying off now."

"Our only hope to defeat the criminals is to know the terrain better than them." I said. "To have a matchless knowledge of the Town and County. Hewitt, you have fifteen minutes to get your people ready. Bring Croyle in here when you're ready."

Fourteen minutes later, Hugh and Teresa came back into the room, and said they were ready to go. Teresa was in her armor, as were several other Vice Detectives.

"We're ready, Commander." said Teresa. "Sergeant Charles is taking the backside cutoff. Hugh and I will go through the front and down the stairs with our teams. We've got heavy shields as well as our armor."

"Commander," Cindy said, "I want to lead this mission."

"Like hell, sister!" Teresa all but shouted. "I've been training with these guys for drug raids for months! When was the last time you went on a raid, much less led one--"

"As you were, Lieutenant!" Cindy shouted. "This is my--"

"As you were, Captain." I said, somewhat more quietly as I spun a chair around and forced Cindy to sit down in it. "Croyle, Hewitt, go." They left and I bore down on my cousin. "Cindy, you are way too damn close for me to let you do this."

Cindy was not ready to give up. "Don, if it was your wife in there, would you let anyone stop you from leading her rescue?"

"Of course not." I said. "And I'd be physically tackled before I could do it... like I was on a certain raid by you and others... and I had to lay there and watch you get shot up."

"I'm willing to risk getting shot to get Jenna out of there--" Cindy said, but I stopped her again.

"Cindy, it's not about that." I said. "You tackled me, and now I'm paying you back. I'm tackling you now. I'd lead tonight's raid myself, but they'll stop me just like I'm stopping you. We will both trust our fellow Officers, and we will let them do their jobs and get Jenna out of there. Now that is not a request, and if you think you can fight your way through me... not tonight, Cousin. Not tonight."
Cindy's anger on her face softened. "You... you're right... we'll have to let them..." She stood up, barely making it. I wrapped my arms around her in a hug as she began crying.

"It'll be okay." I whispered as she broke down into almost silent, body-racking sobs. "It will be okay..."

To be continued.