Thank you so much for returning to the series for Chapter 2! I will reiterate, once again, that the buildups will be slow and if that is not to your taste, my work probably won't be for you. This chapter ended up being a lot longer than I anticipated just because I got so caught up on building the world behind the story, creating characters, and conjuring political intrigue. I have a terrible habit of getting lost in the details. Hopefully you all don't mind :) 

Thanks again for supporting and stopping by; I hope you enjoy! 

********** 

Three days. Amora waited three days before she began planning her next escape. The last attempt took nearly a month to plan and she was already behind. It had become increasingly apparent to her that the freedoms that had allowed her to execute her previous escape were becoming a thing of the past. 

The King had not dined with her since their last encounter. In fact, Amora had not seen him in Nightwall since, not even in passing. Vareena seemed to have disappeared as well, although Amora was not as curious as to her whereabouts. After two days of incessant pestering, Isabel had finally revealed to her that she suspected the King had left the country. 

Good. Amora thought. This gave her time to think and plan. Although, she hadn't much idle time to do either recently. 

Since her arrival in Jodell, Amora had felt her place at Nightwall was somewhat unconventional. In most respects she was a handmaiden, just like Isabel or Vareena. When high lords visited the castle, she waited on their wives and daughters just like the rest of the staff. She changed linens, dressed them, and even emptied their chamber pots. This was nothing new to her; she'd been a servant nearly all her life. The difference between Amora and her fellow handmaidens was that she, too, was waited on. 

It had been a rather strange turn of events for her, as she'd never been on the receiving end of this dynamic. She remembered the day the King had introduced Isabel and Vareena to her, instructing them that they'd be tending to her between their normal duties. It came as a shock to all three of them and made Amora uncomfortable. She was used to blending into the background when it came to servantry. Suddenly the King had made her a person, not just a servant. She felt underserving of this newfound status, even if it was limited to the confines of the castle. 

The King's undiscernible motives also made her increasingly suspicious. He was kind enough to her, but she'd heard of his cold and calculating demeanor. He was known to easily resort to trickery and violence, as evident by his conquests of the smaller countries of the continent, including her native Relan. Her abduction served as further evidence of this. Though, she had not seen the extent of his deviousness, nor been on the receiving end of it, she thought it best she not find out. 

No matter how she was being treated, she was a prisoner. Brought to a strange, rogue country for unknown reasons. Part of her, however, was filled with uncertainty. It was not as if she was being treated badly. She saw more meals in Jodell than she'd ever seen in Relan. She slept in a proper bed and was bathed at least once a day. Outside of her continued duties as a handmaiden, she was treated almost like royalty. If she left, she didn't know where she would find another meal. Besides, where would she go? She couldn't go back to Relan, she had no one and it was a part of the empire now. 

The only thing that strengthened her wavering resolve was the memory of her capture. She remembered the unspeakable violence that had taken the life of so many within the castle where she'd resided. Violence that almost took her own life. The Jodellians were a contemptible, ruthless people. No amount of kindness could offset the bloodshed she'd seen spilled by them at the command of their King. 

********** 

Six months ago, Amora had been a servant in another royal household, in her native country of Relan. Castle Lowan sat on the coast of the Aried sea and was the oldest, most beautiful fortress in Relan. Amora had been born to a servant mother, Emilise, who like her had donned the same copper curls and grey eyes, and had also been a handmaid. Her father had died months before she was born; white fever, her mother had told her. 

When Amora was six, rumors had circulated throughout the kingdom that the Queen Adèle had suddenly taken ill. She would not eat or drink, see her husband nor her two sons, and would wail and scream hysterically, her cries echoing throughout the night. King Geric, to save them both embarrassment, shut her in. Only allowing the Restor a handful of people to attend to her. After a couple of months, it had appeared the illness had passed. She began to leave her rooms and interact with the people again. However, it was short lived. One night, Amora's mother and two other servants were attending to the Queen in her rooms when a fit of madness befell her, and she attacked her handmaids. One managed to escape and call for help, but the other two were not so fortunate. Amora's mother and the other servant were already dead by the time the King arrived with a small guard. 

It was said that King Geric had tried to reason with his Queen. Calmly talk her into putting down the bloody knife she'd held firmly in her hand. But the Queen was too far gone into her lunacy, eyes wide and spewing nonsensical words. Geric had tried to approach her, hoping that she would remember him in her haze of madness, but he also was not spared her wrath. Adèle attacked the King, slashing his face with her knife. 

Immediately following the events of that night, the Queen had been temporarily locked away. King Geric did not leave his own quarters for a week; the castle and kingdom felt the silent pain that the King bore for his Queen. Amora remembered how eerily quiet the halls of the castle had been following these events. Save for her own cries after she'd received a spanking from Fiori, for bothering her about where her mother had gone and why she hadn't returned. At the time, Amora had not quite understood the concept of death. 

After a week, the King finally emerged from his chambers. Things progressed quickly after that. The most shocking of them all, was that he ordered the Queen Adèle be put to death - by beheading. Yes, the Queen had been mad, but she attacked the King and that was the ultimate treason. Half the Kingdom crowded the capital for the Queen's beheading, everyone hoping that at the last minute the King would offer her clemency. However, Geric did not attend his wife's execution in his apparent grief, and shut himself in once again. 

Of all the things that happened the day of the Queen's death, the one thing Amora could recall most vividly was not when the executioner took Adèle's head, nor when the crowd erupted in a mix of cries and shouts. No, the thing that remained with Amora was the moment before the execution. 

The sierè had prayed and asked the Queen if she had any final words she wanted to submit to the gods to clear her conscience. Adèle never responded. She simply stared despondently out into the crowd, scanning it as if to take note of all the people in attendance. Amora was with Fiori standing with the other castle staff. Finally, Adèle's eyes had landed on, what Amora perceived to be, herself. The Queen's eyes never left hers right up until the moment the executioner's axe lopped her head off. 

Adèle had become immortalized as The Mad Queen. Geric had done nothing to dispel the slanderous talk of his late queen. Instead, withdrawing himself and becoming more invested in solidifying Relan as a political power. Relan was a small kingdom in comparison to most. It bordered the sea of the western part of the continent and was known for its exports of fish and rare spices. 

Amora would often look out to the Aried Sea from the castle windows, wanting one day to smell and feel the spay of the saltwater against her skin. Emilise had told Amora of the alluring beauty of the open sea, her father having taken her mother on an expedition once. How Amora longed to board one of those magnificent ships, to look up and see the great white sails billowing in the wind above her. 

King Geric eventually remarried to Maria; a foreign princess from Bhoriva, another small kingdom neighboring to the south. This move giving Relan another maritime ally; allowing its naval power to increase. Jodell was in the process of establishing itself as an empire. Rumors spread that William the Conqueror had his eye on the South, wanting to claim Relan for its access to the sea. 

At the time it seemed like a distant threat, far from Amora's mind. She'd had no care for kings, empires, nor wars. As William took two kingdoms to the West, it seemed his focus lied elsewhere, and Relan knew an era of relative peace. Geric, instead, focused his attention to the impending threats across the sea, namely piracy. 

Fiori had taken over the burden of raising Amora, never treating her like a daughter, but more like a pain in her side. By eleven, Amora was practically raising herself; she could sew and clean, and was working as a handmaid in the castle with girls five to six years her senior. It never once bothered her as Amora learned very quickly that she would always be the only one looking out for herself. That very year Fiori gave birth to a son, tasking Amora with taking care of her child so she could continue her duties as headmaiden to the new Queen. 

This was, perhaps, the first time Amora fell in love. The very first time Amora held the newborn, Kenneth, she felt almost a maternal connection to him that she could not explain. Time only strengthened that bond as she looked after him every day. Perhaps it was because she'd been an orphan so young with no real familial attachments, that made her care for Ken so. No matter, she loved him like he was her own little brother, and he loved her. She was his sister in all but name and blood. She'd taught him to count, fed him, clothed him, even found a way to bribe the princes' martial instructor, Talen, into giving the boy (and her) secret lessons in marksmanship and swordsmanship. 

Talen had been Amora's second love. Though he never expressed anything beyond a friendly interest in her, he remained the object of her affections up until the day he disappeared. He'd taught her how to shoot a bow, ride, and even fight with a short sword. It had been a girlish infatuation, as he was much older than she, but he loved her in his own way as a mentor could love a protégé. Even as the years passed and Amora grew into womanhood, Talen's interest in Amora remained that of friends. This was enough for her. 

The year Amora turned seventeen, Talen had suddenly vanished. It was a short-lived scandal, concern for his whereabouts not lasting more than a week. The king had already replaced him with a new instructor for the princes and no one else seemed to care of his disappearance. For two months, Amora would wait for an hour a day at their secret training spot, hoping that he'd return. He never did. She was heartbroken and not simply at the loss of her instructor; Talen had been her only friend aside from Kenneth. After trying for two months, she resolved to let him go and move on. 

* 

The day the black ships sailed over the horizon of the Aried, Amora would never forget. An armada of Jodellian ships approached Bayrich Cove with frightening speed. It had been a beautiful day in Relan. Not a day you'd expect an enemy invasion. The Relanese navy sailed to meet the Jodellians before they crossed into the cove. The standoff was a terrifyingly impressive sight; the ships of both kingdoms not backing down for five days. 

Then came the siege. Geric had been furious with his queen. Part of the alliance with the Bhorivani was their army was to help monitor the southern and western boarders of Relan. However, it seemed that William had snuck his massive army around to the south and had already forced King Frederic of Bhoriva to surrender after a massacre in their capital. With the surrender, came William's access to Relan through the south. With all his military focus on the flotilla, Geric had not prepared for a land invasion; the Jodellian army marching their way straight to the capital unchallenged along the way. 

A fortnight passed and both monarchs were unable to come to a resolution. William had come to conquer and Geric was too proud to see that he was overwhelmed. The Jodellian army was three times the size of Geric's, and though it was probable he would have prospered in a sea battle with William, they were far too outnumbered on land. Reports came in from all over the countryside that the Jodellian occupation had spread throughout the whole of the small kingdom. Many of the lords of the Relanese great houses had either been slain or captured. 

"We have enough provisions to last us three years!" Geric had proclaimed, unsuccessfully attempting to ease the fears of the inhabitants of the castle. Everyone but Geric remained unconvinced. Poor Queen Maria was inconsolable when finally learning of her father and mother's capture and the deaths of her siblings. The castle become a grim and eerie place to be. All the windows shut, no longer providing the views of the ships at a stand on the sea. No one was permitted to leave or enter. They would ride out the siege, the King had decided for them. 

"This castle will not fall." 

Amora remembered Geric's declaration. She had believed the words of her king. Despite what was whispered among the servants, Fiori, and other men and women of the castle, Amora believed that they would be safe. 

The castle did fall. William breached the gates during the middle of the night a month after the initial siege began. As expected, a great battle ensued in the capital. Many men, mostly Relanese, died. Amora remembered where she was when the horns had sounded that the castle was being taken. She was in the middle of making a making a wheat-cake for Kenneth. She'd stolen some extra ingredients from the kitchen, as everything was being rationed, and had been using the fireplace in the servants' quarters to bake it. 

When she'd heard the screams echo from the floors below her, her first thought was not to try and escape, but to find Ken. She raced down the stairs against the dozens of staff who were racing upwards to try and escape the Jodellian invaders. Her destination was the Queen's lower quarters. That's where Fiori had been with Ken. As she neared the door she could see the Queensguard locked in a heated battle with Jodellian soldiers. There was no way she'd make it to the door - not alive. 

Servant's entrance, she'd thought. There were secret corridors that ran throughout the apartments of the castle. She sprinted to the common-room of the third floor, grabbing a candlestick that had fallen to the floor. It was heavy in her hands but Amora would make do with it as a weapon until she found a better one. She'd found the door to the entrance to the Queen's quarters. The candles in the entryway were still lit but gave Amora no comfort as she approached the door to the sleeping chambers of the Queen. 

Before opening the door, she listened to make sure no one was on the other side. She could hear a distant commotion, causing her to still where she was. There were shouts but they sounded like they were coming from another room. The dining room, Amora realized. Slowly she opened the door to the Queen's bedroom. No one was inside, but the room was dark and had been thrown in a massive state of disarray. From the other side of the room, Amora could hear crying, her attention drawn to the door that led to the queen's personal dining room. It was cracked open, as if someone had forgotten to close it all the way. She crept towards it, candlestick in hand. 

Amora peered through the small opening, she could see that the men who'd been fighting the Queensguard were successful in their attempt to breach the doors. The men who were sworn to protect the Queen lay dead on the floor. From her vantage point She could see one remaining member of the guard, although badly injured, attempting to continue to defend Maria against four men. The Queen was standing away from the door, on the other side of the room, three of her ladies cowering in the corner with her. None of them were Fiori and Amora did not see Ken. 

With a grunt, the last remaining Relanese solider, Ser Peter Coombs, thrusted his sword forward towards his enemies. It was a pitiful sight, as one of his arms appeared to be grossly disfigured and it seemed he lacked the strength to hold his sword properly in the other. As Peter pressed onward, one of the Jodellian men came to meet him, his own swords angled upward intending to pierce his chest. Ser Peter didn't have enough time to change his trajectory, the realization of his mistake apparent on his face. As the Jodellian soldier's sword lanced his chest, he took one last look at the Queen he failed to protect and fell lifelessly to the floor. 

Queen Maria's ladies uttered a series of gasps and shrieks as their last remaining line of defense had been broken. Amora heard another gasp directly in front of her, behind the door, and the cry of a child. Ken! Amora realized that Fiori and Kenneth were on the other side of the door. Fiori had most likely left the door open, so that she could find an opportunity for her and her son to escape. It seemed that opportunity was not to come as the four men did not lower their weapons despite only being in the presence of women. 

One of the soldiers, a stout faced one, pulled out a gold encrusted dagger and pointed it at the Queen. The ladies screamed as they and their monarch tried to back further into a corner. One maid, Beatrice, took a vase and threw it at the approaching soldiers. One of the men ducked to avoid it the moved to grab her by the arm and flung her towards the oncoming group of men. Before anyone else could move, the stout faced soldier stabbed Beatrice in the chest with his dagger and she quickly made her way to the ground, a gurgle of blood exiting her mouth. The stout face man turned back towards the Queen. 

"You have two choices: you either come with us, or you die." 

Maria looked past him towards the open door, shouts echoing from the battles throughout the castle. Was she going to attempt to escape? How foolish, Amora thought from her crouch by the door. The Queen's lingered a bit longer as more shouts seemed to approach the room. Ah, Amora understood, she is waiting for the King or the Kingsguard to come save us. She could hear the clanging of weapons that echoed outside the room. The guard were probably on their way here. This gave the timid queen some courage. 

"W-we will not go with you...ser." The stout faced knight did not appear disappointed. He simply shrugged and pointed to the Queen. Everything was a blur from that point forward. One of the men grabbed the Queen and she writhed against them, her ladies trying to pull her towards them, but it was no use. The two men grabbed the other two ladies and subsequently slit their throats, their screams being drowned in their blood. Maria shrieked in agony as she too was stabbed. Amora realized that she needed to move and began to run towards the servants' entrance when she heard another scream, this time from the door she'd just left. 

"Mama!" Ken cried as the door swung open, Fiori making an attempt to run with her son in her arms. Amora turned abruptly, just in time to make eye contact with Fiori, a pleading look in the woman's eyes. However, before she could fully make it into the Queen's sleeping quarters, one of the men grabbed her by the waist, throwing her backwards and causing Ken to fall from her arms backing into the dining room. Amora went to hid behind the bed, hot tears streaming from her eyes as she heard Fiori's howls as she was being dragged back into the dining room. Another scream sounded, and she peered out to see that the door had been partially closed once more. Creeping back over to it, she saw Fiori's feet on the ground, a pool of blood growing slowly beneath her. 
Horror crept over her as she watched three of the soldiers take Kenneth near the entrance of the dining room, he was screaming and crying trying to revive his mother with his voice. One of the soldiers raised a gauntleted hand and stuck the young boy in the face, silencing him and tossing his limp body outside the room. Everything disappeared for Amora in that moment as she felt her heart being wrenched from her chest and she uttered a shrill scream. 

"Ken!" she cried, tears unable to refrain from rolling down her hot cheeks. However, she'd revealed her position and the soldiers quickly made their way to the door before she could escape. One of the men grabbed her by her tresses, a cry of pain erupting from deep within her chest. 

"There was another one here, Ser Hayworth!" called the man who held her by her hair. Amora swung the candlestick at him but he punched her in the stomach - hard. She quickly dropped her weapon as she tried to catch the breath that had been knocked out of her. 

"Indeed," said the Ser Hayworth, looking her over with disinterest, "get rid of her, too." The man who held her moved to pull out a dagger from his waist, Amora fought, trying to escape his grip of her scalp when— 

"So hasty, Hayworth." came a sly, new voice. Another man entered the room with additional guardsmen following behind. The knights in the room fell into a series of bows, signaling the man was of significant importance. As Amora clutched at her scalp, attempting to alleviate the pain of being gripped by her hair, she observed the important newcomer. Was this the infamous William the Conqueror? 

"Lord Vander," acknowledged the knight called Hayworth, although the tone in voice indicated to Amora that the two were not friendly. So, this was not King William. Something about this gave Amora great relief. Lord Vander simply nodded to the knight and turned his attention about the room. Whistling a grim tune, he took note of the number of bodies that adorned the room. He frowned. 

"The Queen, too," Lord Vander observed, "His majesty won't be happy about that." The round knight's face turned beet red. 

"He explicitly said noncompliance was to be met with force. I did my duty—" 

"—His majesty, the former King of Bhoriva," smiled Lord Vander, "I suppose he won't be happy once he finds out his daughter is dead." He looked at Maria's lifeless body and shrugged. He turned back to the group, his eyes landing on Amora. A crippling fear spread over her as moved towards her. She tried to wriggle out of the knight's grip but his hold on her was strong. 

"What is your name, child?" spoke Lord Vander softly as he crouched to where she was kneeling on the ground. His tone was presumably meant to be comforting but it only elicited silence from her. The lord looked up to her captor. 

"Do you mind?" His eyes cut to the young knight's grip. The young lad uttered a garbled apology and released her. Amora's head pounding as she felt the rush of blood flow back to her head. Her eyes moved quickly to measure the distance between her and the door, and the amount of armed men standing between her and it. Lord Vander's eyes followed. 

"I'm afraid the men present here do not differentiate between royalty and servants when it comes to defiance," he suggested and Amora quickly understood the threat. She was the only survivor in the room, it would have been foolish to try her luck further. Lord Vander reached out to touch her curls, entwining his fingers in them as he stared into her grey eyes with curiosity. She recoiled at his touch but did not verbally respond, instead nodding that she understood. 

"What is your name?" he asked once more. Any trace of kindness had now left his voice, a sense of urgency now replacing it. 

It took a moment for her to respond as she considered her options. She could lie, but what would be the purpose in that? She was nobody and only someone of importance was worth concealing their identity. Or she could pose as someone of importance. Perhaps they would keep her alive a bit longer if she could convince them so. Amora suddenly remembered the simple dress she wore. Her apron stained with flour from the wheat-cake that she'd been making for Kenneth. There was no way she'd pass for a noble. A tear crested her eye as she remembered that only light in her life was now extinguished. Whatever happened now, would not matter. 

"Amora." She finally breathed. Lord Vander offered a small smile, as if satisfied with her answer. Standing up, he moved to exit the room, only turning to offer one more order to the knight Hayworth. 

"Try not to kill all of them. We will need some prisoners. And keep the girl. I think she will make an excellent gift for our King." 

****************************** 

William looked out to Aried sea, the wind whipping his cape westward about him. The sun was high but there was a chill in the air that he ignored. He watched as the builders worked away in the shipyard, the smell of forged iron and sea salt in the air. Beside him Lord Frederic Latton, formerly King Frederic II of Bhoriva, prattled on about the progress of the imperial navy. As a reward for his swift surrender, William had let Frederic live, allowing him to govern this new "province". Bhoriva was no more; there was only the Empire of Jodell. Of course, Frederic had been further motivated by the fact that William held his wife and last remaining son captive, in addition to having men stationed in the guard that were ordered to kill him should he step out of line. That might have had something to do with it. 

As Frederic continued, William took in the expansion of the shipyard with approval. He had inherited an impressive fleet from the late king Geric. Two hundred ships that were seemingly the fastest in all the continent. However, one thing Geric had lacked was William's vision...and royal treasury. The late king had built his ships to be fast so that they could chase down would be raiders in their seas. But they lacked the esthetic and firepower of Jodellian ships. 

So of course, William tracked down the Relanese shipmaster and coerced him into revealing his commissioned build plans. With the upgrades from his own shipmaster, in addition to funding the project, William had ordered another three hundred ships be built. 

"...but as you can see, the project is coming along quite well." Frederic finished, turning to William for his approval. William, although impressed with the sight before them, gave him none. Frederic, himself, had done nothing; all the credit lay with the shipwrights. 

"How long until it is finished?" the King inquired. 

"That one?" Frederic misunderstood, pointing to the largest ship, halfway done. "About another six months or so, at least." 

"No, the entire thing. How long until the whole fleet is operational and ready to sail?" 

"I would say...four years, your grace," responded Lord Latton slowly. 

William was quiet for a moment then shook his head. 

"That's too long. You'll do it in two." 

Frederic gawked at the king incredulously. 

"Your Majesty, with all due respect, it's just not feasible. The carracks alone take about a year and you've ordered...," he glanced down to check the rosters, "...five. This one is nearly done but the other four will take some time—" 

"Latton," interrupted William calmly. 

"Yes, your grace?" 

"How many shipyards do we have?" William didn't even bother to look at the panicked man beside him. 

"Err...twelve, your grace — in this province alone." 

"How many are operational?" 

"All of them, sire." Frederic responded looking down at his roster, not understanding William's point. 

"Then wherein lies the issue?" William, again, did not visually acknowledge the former monarch and waited calmly for an answer. Frederic chose his words carefully. 

"With the current staff...perhaps we could...shorten the timeframe to three and a half years?" He asked slowly. A slow smile crept across the King's face. 

"I will provide you with an additional five hundred men. You will put them to work." Frederic inhaled sharply in relief as the color slowly returned to his face. 

"Furthermore," continued William, "I will provide you with supplementary funds - whatever is necessary. If you need something: materials, workers, gold. You shall not want for it. Send word to Vander and he will see that you have what you need." Frederic grinned bovinely as William nodded to him and prepared to leave. Frederic bowed to William and turned to return to his caravan when the King grabbed him gruffly by the shoulder and spoke quietly in his ear. 

"The fleet will be operational in two years; there will be no excuse. Otherwise, I will see to it that your head is no longer attached to your neck and rots alongside your former ally's at bottom of the Aried. Am I understood?" Lord Latton, unable to verbally acknowledge this threat due to sheer fear, simply nodded and the King let him go as if nothing had happened. Without another word, he and the kingsguard walked away, leaving Frederic shockingly nerved, roster in hand. 

************ 

Castle Lowan was a magnificent stronghold, this was undeniable even to William. It had taken them nearly a week to travel along the coastline to get to the seaside keep and night had already fallen. The last time William had been here he'd slaughtered nearly half the castle's occupants, including the royal family. He recalled, vividly, Geric's attempts to continue battle despite being severely wounded. William had respected this and in turn had given the king a quick and honorable death. Some of the other Relanese lords, that otherwise had the misfortune of being present during William's occupation of Lowan, were not as brave in their efforts and he was not as merciful with them. One thing William despised was cowardice. 

After the successful conquest of Relan, William had had ordered the castle be reimagined in the Jodellian fashion. He kept some of the Relanese statues and paintings around the castle, as it somehow fit into the seaside landscaping of the keep. Arriving into his prepared quarters, William called for his meal and began to remove his armor when the doors to his dining chamber opened. 

Lord Gabriel Madoni entered the room, everyone present but William bowing to acknowledge him. Gabriel himself falling into a slight bow to receive the King. 

"Uncle." William nodded without breaking rhythm as he continued removing his armor. 

"Your grace," Gabriel greeted his nephew evenly, raising himself from his bow. William finished removing his gloves and held out his arms for a squire to remove his chest plate. 

"How do you like your new home?" William queried with honest curiosity. 

"Too warm," Gabriel shrugged. As William sat down, he gestured for Gabriel to sit who shook his head in decline, instead producing a stack of parchment papers and placing them on the table. 

"Reports," grumbled Gabriel. William moved to scan the documents at once, shuffling through them rapidly. One particular report caught his attention and he took a moment to read the contents in its entirety, finally looking up at his uncle. 

"Is this all you could find?" he narrowed his eyes at his father's younger brother quizzically. The difference in their ages, nor their familial ties did not lessen William's expectations of his spymaster. 

"With all the information you gave me, yes," Gabriel replied coolly. He was insulted that his nephew questioned his capabilities. 

"I need you to find out where he came from." 

"Well, that'll be right simple, won't it? The man's only dead. So is everyone else who ever knew him," spat his uncle. William, though he did not appreciate his tone, was secretly delighted at Gabriel's annoyance. The spymaster continued, "Perhaps if the nature of your inquiry weren't so...limited - I could gain more specific insight." 

William rolled his eyes and continued reading through the stack of reports. 

"Do not worry, Uncle. It's not that important." Without looking up, William could feel the angry heat of his uncle's gaze upon him, but said nothing. Another document caught his eye. 

"Anthony has occupied Nemis?" he peered at his uncle with a raised eyebrow. 

"'Occupy' is a strong word," snorted Gabriel, "He simply has two hundred soldiers parading about, flashing their armor and banners and whatnot. Causing trouble more like." 

"He wants us to know he has a presence there. Or he intends to," surmised William, more to himself than anyone else. 

"Pfft. It doesn't matter. What are two hundred soldiers? There's nearly three hundred thousand people in the city alone." 

"Nemis is the capital of the Free Cities, Uncle" remarked William with leaning back in his chair, "Surely, the Prince of Ularia has surmised that I'd eventually set my eyes on it." 

"No matter. The little shit can play pisspot all he likes. Henri would never allow him to try and take it," Gabriel reminded his nephew. 

"Ah, it seems there's finally information that I have been privy to that you have not, Uncle," joked the King with a mischievous grin. "Apparently, King Henri has fallen 'ill.' He has not been seen about the public in over a month. Shut into the castle, away from even his own men. There is reasonable speculation that he is dead." Although Gabriel was his official spymaster, William had employed his own spies, some that even overlapped into his uncle's network. He never trusted information from a singular source and he always made sure to know how a source happened upon their information. He eyed his uncle, waiting for the expected response to the news. 

"Dead?" sneered Gabriel, attempting to disguise his surprise. That had not been in his reports as he wasn't aware of the rumors. William nodded and continued examining the rest of the reports. 

"Supposedly by Anthony, himself." 

"It's nonsense." Gabriel shook his head in resolute denial. "If Henri was dead, I'd know about it. Even still, they couldn't take Nemis if they wanted, much less hold—" Gabriel was interrupted as two servants entered the dining room, both carrying silver trays. Vareena, being one of them, set down a serving platter in front of the King while another set a place across from him. William immediately set aside the reports and began partaking in his meal, looking up for a moment to offer his uncle to join him. Once more, Gabriel declined. 

"I ate before you arrived. We can speak more on this in the morning." William nodded his response and his uncle turned to leave, motioning his men to follow. Before completely exiting the room, Gabriel turned to ask the King one more thing. 

"Something else not in the reports...I've heard rumors that you've had some Relanese captive locked up in Nightwall for some time now. A girl." William did not look up at his uncle and simply continued with the apparent interest in his meal. 

"Perhaps. If I have, what of it?" 

"Curious as to why she isn't being held with the other noble prisoners at Braewood with Vander." 

"Perhaps she's not noble, Uncle. And perhaps she is not a hostage," William offered innocently. 

"You'd have me believe you have some common girl lazing about in Nightwall? As what, a guest?" Gabriel's eyes narrowed at his nephew, "Or perhaps you're giving foreign whores a go now?" Out of the corner of his eye, Gabriel could see Vareena's face flush. He had to refrain from smiling at his insult. It was short lived however, as William abruptly stopped his meal and put down his utensils. 

"You'd be wise to remember your tone...and your station, Uncle. You are speaking to your King." William's voice was quiet and calm, and a slight chill befell the room. The spymaster was angry at this reminder but heeded the King's warning as he continued. 

"Secondly, you'd also make a point to remember that the Relanese are all Jodellian citizens. Seeing as Relan is now province of our Empire. A province that you are presently Governor of. I expect the treatment of the people here to be no different than the people of the capital. Spymaster or not, being Governor of Relan is your primary job. If you feel you are not up to the task, I will happily relieve you of it." 

"That will not be necessary," hissed Gabriel nastily. William could see the rage swimming in his eyes even from across the room, pleased that Gabriel could see the challenge dancing in his own. Both men were quiet for a moment, an unspoken duel being fought between them. The victor winked merrily at his uncle. 

"Good. I have the utmost confidence that you'll do a fine job, Lord Governor." With gross hesitation, Lord Madoni fell into a bow, everyone present following suit. 

"Your grace," seethed Gabriel. 

"Uncle," nodded the King as Gabriel turned and left the room with a fury. William focused his attention back to his meal. 

After a few moments, he put down his utensils, leaving his supper half uneaten and ordered everyone in the room, 

"Leave me." 

The remaining guards and servants moved to quickly exit the dining chamber. William turned back to the reports that his uncle had given him. Vareena purposefully lagged behind the other servants, going to pick up an empty wine pitcher and serving tray. Without looking up, the King stopped her. 

"No," he commanded firmly, his eyes never leaving the papers, "You will stay." She bowed and watched as another maid shot Vareena a green look before exiting the door. Vareena retuned a victorious smile as the door shut behind her. The room was empty now, sans for she and the King who did not say another word to her. She went to clean up the untouched plate that was meant for Lord Madoni. 

William peered at her hungrily, the swell of her breasts cresting the top of her dress as she bent over the table to clean it up. He watched her for a moment, putting the papers down. She was the embodiment of Jodellian beauty. Raven colored hair that fell to her waist - straight, dark, and prepossessing like Jodellian nights. Vareena could feel the King's eyes on her but said nothing as she continued her work. 

"Present yourself to me," commanded the King and Vareena smiled to herself. She turned to face him and fell into a deep courtesy, making sure to look him directly in the eye. 

"Come," William ordered. He watched as she sultrily strutted towards him from the other side of the dining table. She was purposefully taking her time and William loved every second of it. He'd show her soon enough what the price was for making a King wait. When she finally reached him, she stopped, awaiting further instruction. 

"Undress yourself," whispered William. Without breaking her gaze with him, Vareena began unlacing the front of her dress. 

"Slowly." 

Her breath wavered as William stood, towering several inches over her, as the top part of her dress unraveled, exposing her shapely breasts to him. Still, William did not touch her. He simply watched as she worked her way now to untie the back of her skirt. With one light tug of a string, the skirt fell limply to the floor at their feet. 

Vareena brazenly displayed her naked body to the King. Coyly smiling at William, she began unbuttoning his shirt. With every button she exposed, she left a trail of kisses along his chest. William caressed her face as Vareena made her way to her knees, unbuttoning the last button of his shirt. His craving for her apparent through his trousers as she began to remove them for him. Before she could unbuckle them, William growled and grabbed her by the waist, throwing her over his shoulder. 

She giggled as the King carried her out of the dining room and into his sleeping chambers, nipping at her ass with his teeth. Vareena squealed in feigned pain as the King playfully tossed her onto the bed. 
"Touch yourself for me," he instructed as he began removing his trousers, his desire for her straining against the fabric. 

"Yes, your Majesty," Vareena purred, taking two fingers and seductively placing them in her mouth. William stroked himself as he watched her lubricate her fingers with her tongue and trail her hand down her body to her visibly slick sex. 

He was patient despite wanting to simply take her then and there. Vareena used her fingers to skillfully circle the small nub between her lower lips. Her moans served to further test his resolve. He watched as she slipped a finger inside herself, then another. Slowly, she matched rhythm with the strokes of his cock. 

For a short time, they remained like so. Staring at one another with an unfulfilled need, as one watched the other toy with themselves. Vareena took her free hand groped her breast, using a finger to play with a perked, pink nipple. She continued, her breaths quickening as she pumped her fingers in and out of the heart of her femininity, stopping only ever so often to devote time to her erect pearl. He stilled as she continued, breaking their intense gaze to close her eyes as she surrendered to her own ecstasy. She shook for a moment, a low moan escaping from within her as William observed her inner explosion. As her peak subsided, it elicited a primal groan from the King and she removed her fingers from inside her, moving to taste the result of her release. 

Then - he was upon her. Grasping her wrist firmly, he took her lubricated fingers and put them in his own mouth, reveling at the taste of her. 

"Your grace," she mewled as William lapped up the remnants of her sweet nectar from between her fingers. The taste of her drove him wild; he could no longer be patient. He coaxed her legs apart, placing himself between them, and without hesitation he plunged inside of her. 

She was wet and welcoming of him as he slipped inside of her easily enough, despite his size. William felt her writhe beneath him and he groaned as she clenched him. For a moment he did not move; simply savoring the feel of her so warm and tightly wrapped around him. He closed his eyes and saw not Vareena's raven hair, but copper curls splayed across the bed. 

The very thought of being inside her ignited something primal within him. He retreated from inside Vareena, not fully, but just until the tip of his cock remained. Then with a hunger, he dove inside her again. Vareena's cries of pleasure resounded about the room, it was sure to be heard outside of it as well. He did not care. 

Again and again, he drove inside of her. Relentlessly allowing her no repose. Her small breasts bounced delightfully, offering him a taste. He happily obliged, latching onto one with his mouth. Vareena's back arched at the sensation, her hands raking across his shoulders. 

"Oh gods," she rasped between breaths, he could feel her peak drawing near as she tightened around him. Suckling hard on her breast and giving her nipple a light bite, he withdrew from her quickly. Vareena whimpered at the withdrawal. Ignoring her, he flipped her over so that she now lay prone. Taking the intimation, Vareena propped herself onto her knees and spread her legs wide, looking back to him in invitation. No sooner had she done this, he was inside her again, only this time delving into her from behind with fervent vigor. His hands gripping tightly the flesh at her waist in order to draw himself completely inside of her with each stroke. 

"Oh, yes!" she cried, "Fill me, William! Fill me!" 

William was annoyed. Vareena had always been vocal, this was nothing new to him. While he didn't particularly enjoy her vocal exclamations, he'd never done anything to discourage them either. However, this time it irked him as it drew him away from his fantasy. He gave her a firm, hard slap to her backside which Vareena mistook for encouragement. 

Another unintelligible shout escaped her lips and William felt her sheath quiver at the impact. She was drawing close and so was he as, once again, he retreated back into envisioning she was the carmine haired goddess awaiting him at Nightwall. He imagined what it would be like to fuck her mercilessly and have her squirming beneath him as he took her, hearing her plead for more. 

Shattering the illusion, Vareena utter another high pitched, "William!" Taking advantage of the only time she was permitted to call him by name. Furious this time, he addressed it. Grabbing a handful of her hair, he pulled her head towards him, not breaking rhythm as he thrust inside her. 

"Quiet," he barked heatedly. Vareena acknowledged with a quick nod and pushed herself back to meet his thrusts, not wanting him to stop. He did not let go of her hair, instead using it as an anchor to draw himself deeper inside of her. William imagined his hands were entwined in long, auburn curls instead. He could almost taste her, the thought bringing him nearly close to the edge. Vareena had done a decent job of obeying his last command but as her climax drew near, she let out one last involuntary cry. His fantasy, coupled with the reality of the woman coming before him, undid William and he exploded inside her. 

He waited a few moments for the high to subside and removed himself from Vareena. Laying down on his back, he took a moment to catch his breath. Vareena took the opportunity to curl up beside him, nuzzling her head against his broad chest. 

"That was wonderful, William," she praised, using a finger to lightly trace the hairs on his chest. 

William. 

He did not respond as he imagined what it would be like to hear the sound come from Amora's lips. His cock twitched though he was only half hard now. A small smile came to his lips and Vareena misunderstood it for it being a result of her touch. She attempted to wrap herself atop him so they could sleep but he shrugged off her embrace. 

"Leave me." William did not even look at her, simply tossing a portion of the comforter on top of him in preparation to sleep. Shocked, Vareena did not immediately obey. 

"Wouldn't you like for me to help keep you warm?" She tried headily taking her hand and drawing it slowly down his body towards his half hard cock. Grabbing her wrist before it reached its destination, he threw it off and gave her an indignant look as his other hand suddenly clutched her throat. 

"I will not repeat myself again. You've served your purpose." His voice was even-tempered, and he could see the betrayal in her eyes. Once more, he did not care. Releasing her and turning back to his position of sleep, he waited for her to comply. 

She did. 

Slowly, Vareena clamored off the bed and gathered her articles of clothing. As she put them on, she turned once more to look back at her King, hoping for a recantation. She received none. Vareena finished dressing herself and sulkily left the King's sleeping chambers. 

William didn't notice her leave. His mind had already returned to his list of future conquests. The primary one being his captive that awaited him back at Nightwall. She already belonged to him. All he need do was claim her. And he would, in time. When the moment arrived that he would take her, she would be more than willing, he knew this. That night in the bath had triggered something inside her that he knew she didn't understand. It seemed there was a lot that she wasn't aware of. His preoccupation with Amora was not simply because she was physically desirable. William had known what she was long before he'd invaded Relan. 

What Amora did not know, what most no one knew, was that she was the very center of his plans. She would be vital to him getting what he wanted. 

No, he'd not claimed her...yet. But it did not matter. 

She was already his. 

********************** 

There were three things that Amora had realized in William's absence. One was that William was trying to keep her busy. He had instructed that her servantry duties be lessened to make room for educational instruction. She had now been assigned a tutor. Two, in fact. One would educate her in language and history, the other would be instructing her in etiquette. The latter was of great insult to her, as she thought her manners were just fine. 

Being kept so busy, she hadn't had much time to work on her plans. It seemed almost as if the King had intended it that way. Her first tutor, Restor Rian, was a gangly and impatient man whose nose seemed to know no end. He reminded her of the twisted trees she'd seen in the Nightswood. Rian had given Amora reading and writing lessons to work on while he sat on the other side of the room, scrawling away on his parchments. One thing had worked to her advantage however: Restor Rian was under the impression that Amora didn't know how read. Her mother had taught her before she died, and Fiori took over that responsibility after her mother's passing. It insulted her that he thought so lowly of the Relanese people but Amora did not argue the matter. The assignments he'd given her were at the basic reading level of that of a small child. It appeared he expected the assignment to take her some time. She'd finished them nearly ten minutes after he'd given them to her and was using her leftover time and blank paper to secretly map out the grounds. 

The second thing Amora realized that whatever reason the King had for keeping her here, it had to be for something of significant importance. She was no longer allowed to walk about the castle with another servant or two as an escort but now had an armed knight with her nearly at all times. To Amora, it almost seemed as if it were more for her own protection rather than preventing a prisoner's escape. One of her usual escorts had been exchanged for a young lad, Ser Oliver Pratt, she learned. He couldn't have been more than a few years older than her and was obviously newly knighted. 

He was as handsome as any. Blonde, curly haired and of tall stature. However, Oliver was incredibly sheepish and always misaddressed her as "Lady Amora", no matter how many times she'd informed him that she was not a lady. If she had cared, she would have thought the boy would make a good match for Isabel. 

His arrival as her escort brought her peculiar predicament to the forefront of her thoughts. Why was she here? When she'd first arrived, she thought she was either to be killed or sold as a pleasure slave to the Jodellians. Slavery had been outlawed throughout the continent, but it was said the Jodellians still practiced it in some forms. When neither incident happened, while grateful, Amora was perplexed. Her next thought was that she was being held because the King believed she knew some sort of pertinent information. 

She'd heard that the King of Bhoriva had been spared and was now governor of one of the new provinces. Perhaps her role as one of Queen Maria's handmaids meant that she privy to some sort of valuable information. At least, that would have been the most reasonable assertation. However, she'd never been questioned, never interrogated by either the King nor his men. Even his Confidence, Lord Levan Vander, never once attempted to pry any sort of information from her. They simply watched her. They all did. 

Amora was used to people looking at her. Such was the burden of someone cursed with hair like hers. There were not many who possessed red hair, in fact it was a rarity. Most believed it to be a curse. An earthly sign from the gods that they were displeased with one's family line. In Relan, most shied away from her, for fear of also angering the gods. It was not unusual to hear, among the common people, of a newborn that was left outside to die because it had the misfortune of being redhaired. Luckily for Amora, she'd been born inside the castle. The King and Queen had been a bit more progressive although her interactions with the rest of the castle staff were mixed. Few shunned her, however most ignored her. Her mother, a great beauty, had also donned red hair and it was a rumor that that was the cause for The Mad Queen's decline. 

Jodell was a bit different. People still stared at her, but it was not with fear or disdain. For the most part it was with curiosity, as if they'd never seen someone like her before. In Relan it was easy to find one or two people like her in the marketplaces if she looked hard enough. Admittedly, the vibrancy in the color of her hair rivaled no one's. However, it was a comfort to Amora to know that she was not alone. Though she had not been outside Nightwall, so far appeared she was alone in this respect. Nightwall was twice the size of Lowan and had double the staff, but she'd seen no one like her. 

The last thing that concerned Amora was Dustin. She had not seen the knight since her escape. Of course, of all people, she'd rather not see him ever again. He'd been the one who had tried to kill her all those months ago and their relationship had not grown any fonder over time. Dustin oversaw her activities. That much, she knew. So, why hadn't she seen him since that day? Again, she attempted to pry information from Isabel, who was reluctant to share but eventually conceded. Dustin had not been in the party that left with the King and she had no idea where he was. No one had seen him. His disappearance made Amora uneasy. 

A week passed and Amora only got as far as determining her destination after her escape. She couldn't return to Relan now that it was under the control of the Jodellians. No one she remotely cared about was alive and it was too far into enemy territory to try and risk such a journey. In her lessons, Amora learned about the Free Cities. She'd heard of them before back in Relan. Five cities that rebelled against the rule of The Faith, long ago. The five cities: Nemis, Karta, SinYu, Belderon, and Ome were once part of an ancient kingdom. Dissatisfied with their treatment by their ruler and the Faith's lack of willingness to aid them, the five banded together to overthrow their government. Later establishing themselves as independent conurbations, the Free cities were now governed by an oligarchy. Nemis, the capital of the Free Cities, was the most populated and the most promising among the five. Nemis was where she would go. 

Stealing the map was easier than she had anticipated. She didn't even think it qualified as stealing. She'd asked Restor Rian for a map of the continent, so she could 'further her studies'. The Restor initially had been skeptical of her ability to read a map should he give her one. But after a bit of coaxing he'd given in, claiming he didn't want to be blamed for not providing her with a "wholesome education." 

The second part of her plan was to determine her way out of the castle. The steam-windows had been her cleverest idea yet, but now was completely out of the question. She no longer bathed alone and for some reason there were now men always stationed just outside her bathchambers three floors below. She would have to find another way. Another four days passed and Amora was beginning to lose hope when she'd stumbled upon her saving grace. A secret door in the linen rooms. 

In her defense, she'd found it by accident while attending to her chores. Somehow the two walls that joined in the back of the room, didn't quite match up perfectly. When she was on laundry duty, she was usually left alone, her guard remaining outside while the women worked to clean the sheets. No one paid her much attention and she slipped easily into the corridor. 

It was a long and narrow path and Amora was afraid that it would lead her nowhere and she'd be trapped in between the walls of the castle. It was dank and musty, cobwebs and dead insects trailing the walkway. This passage hadn't been used in years. After what seemed like an endless amount of walking, she happened upon another door. It was dark in the tunnel and it took her a moment to pry it open. After several attempts, using all of her body weight, she finally stumbled out the door. 

She was outside. She didn't know approximately where in relation to the castle, and the cold was bitter as it often was in Jodell, but there she was - outside. The warmth of the sunlight was welcoming as was the sweet air. The pathway had probably been used for the linen rooms long ago. After the women had washed the sheets, they'd take them out here to set them to dry. But now that they used the hearth-rooms, linens could be dried inside the castle, no matter the weather. 

Amora closed her eyes and took in another moment to breathe in the air. The area she'd found herself in was a small little clearing but serene. The grass was long and willowy, indicating it had not been tended to in some time. She wished she could sit for a moment, just to enjoy the sunlight on her skin but she knew she hadn't the time. If she did not return quickly, someone was sure to notice she was gone. With great sorrow, she took one more look at the small clearing and headed back into the corridor. 

* 

Nine more days passed. Amora had not visited the clearing again, her lessons and other chores taking up much of her time, setting back her planning. The King had returned the day before, but she had not seen him. Unfortunately, Amora had the displeasure of being reunited with Vareena who did nothing but boast of the grand time she'd spent in the south. Secretly, Amora was jealous. She missed Relan and hearing Vareena speak of the sands of Bayrich Cove and the blue waters of the Aried only enflamed her desire to see them again. Every time Vareena opened her mouth to brag, Amora stifled the temptation to slap her in the face. 

Amora waited for the King to call for her to dine with him, but he never did. Three nights passed since his return and not once was she summoned. The first night, Amora was glad of it. Why should she want to dine with him? He was, after all, her captor. The second night elicited confusion. By the third, Amora was...disappointed. She berated herself for the twinge of sadness she felt at not being called. It was unlike her to be upset over something so trivial. 

Another night passed and once again, she was not called. Perhaps the King had lost his interest in her. Whatever interest it was he had possessed in her in the first place. 

Why did she care? 

Her mind drifted back to the night William had bathed her. She recalled the feel of his fingertips along her skin, the racing of her heart as he'd traced his away along some of her most intimate parts. Her mind continued, bringing her thoughts of what proceeded after. The delicious punishment the King had doled for her transgressions. She could feel heat stirring between legs as she recollected William's touch afterwards— 

—remembering where she was, Amora shook her head. 

I mustn't think of him that way. In the end, he's a monster, she resolved bringing herself back to plans at hand. She had been in Jodell long enough. It was time for her to take leave. 

The next morning went about as usual. She had her lessons and did her chores. Today she was to do laundry again. The linen room was busier than the last time she'd been here, due to the fact that half the staff had returned after accompanying the envoy of the King. 

The chatter in the linen room was lively, Amora giving it no attention, instead keeping a yearning eye on the secret door. Her station, today, was situated a bit farther from the door than last time. Oliver had followed her in this time, wanting to have a conversation with another servant two stations away from her. He was standing parallel with her secret door and she secretly cursed at her inability to escape, even for a moment. 

As she scrubbed the sheet in her hands, the main door to the linen room opened and someone stepped in. Amora's heart stopped. 
It was Dustin. 

He walked slowly, slightly leaning to one side and Amora noticed that his left arm was positioned in a sling. He looked...ill. Amora almost felt sorry for the knight's sickly appearance, but this was quickly remedied when he finally noticed her in the room. 

Dustin had stopped his conversation with the headmaiden to give Amora an apoplectic look. Even from across the room, she could see the murder in his eyes. He must have come to the realization it was her who'd stolen his dagger. A bout of fear coursed throughout her body as Dustin abruptly turned in her direction. 

She froze, waiting to see what he would do next. He took one step towards her, then another. Soon, he began making his way across the room to where she stood. An involuntary reaction was triggered within Amora. If she did not run, she was going to be killed. Without thinking, she ran over to Oliver, grabbing the small rapier he had attached to the back of his belt and yanking it free. Shouts and screams erupted from the inhabitants of the room as all eyes moved to her and her newly acquired weapon. 

Dustin increased his pace towards her, although it appeared he was experiencing some pain. Oliver gawked at her in mortification, the poor lad not able to comprehend this quick progression of events. Before anyone could stop her, Amora pushed on the secret door, revealing its existence. Ignoring everyone else in the room, she opened the door and fled. 

* 

She could hear the shouts behind her. The thundering of footsteps echoing in the dark corridor, but she did not care. If she was caught, she would surely die. Either by Dustin's hand or the King's. Amora didn't like her chances of survival with either. 

She kept forward. 

It seemed like the passageway was a lot longer this time, her legs getting weak from running along the stoney path. She attempted to gather the skirts of her dress so that she could run better when she abruptly dropped the blade she held. Stopping, she turned around to go back and pick it up when she saw the knights trailing behind her. Scooping it up, Amora almost fell but managed to catch her balance as she whipped around and resumed her sprint. They were gaining on her, but she pressed on, she could see the door just a few feet in front of her. Turning sideways to prepare her body for the impact, she thrust her weight onto the door and fell through the door. 

Amora gripped the handle of the foil as she stumbled back onto her feet, preparing to go through the clearing and into the woods. 

She ran. Her lungs stung as the cold Jodellian air filled them, a stark change from the warmth of inside the castle. An arrow struck the ground just to the left of her, almost catching the hem of her dress. She stopped as another struck her shoulder, ripping the fabric of her dress and causing her to trip as she cried out in pain. 

"Stop and surrender your weapon!" bellowed a voice not far behind her. Sacrificing her desire to grip her bleeding shoulder, Amora turned around to see several knights and archers at a stand before her, all with their weapons drawn. Dustin was among them, the same indignant look on his face. Though she was filled with fear, she positioned herself in stance with the small rapier. One of the knights took a step forward and called out to her again, 

"Surrender your weapon!" 

Neither responding nor complying, Amora stood fast, in half fear and half defiance. It felt like an eternity. The archers with their nocked arrows ready to fire at her, the other knights waiting for her move. It was an imposing sight, fifteen men on one side and one woman on the other. Amora would have been proud of herself if she hadn't thought in that very moment how close she was dying. The loudmouthed knight shouted to her once more, 

"Surrender your weapon! You will not be told again!" 

Amora looked behind her. It was only about fifty feet or so and she would have made it into the woods. The trees would cover her from the archers, but she'd be at a disadvantage in her current ensemble. She took another minute to consider the alternatives. 

What did she want? 

Her chances of survival if she continued in her escape were slim. Amora knew this. But it was just that. 

A chance. 

She would take it. 

She turned around and dashed for the trees, waiting for the shouts and flying arrows to follow. Instead, she heard a voice. 

"'Mora!" 

A child's voice. A voice that made her stop in her tracks and drop the small sword. 

Whipping around in disbelief she turned to see William standing near the entrance of the corridor, Levan trailing behind him. 

And there, at the feet of the King with a rosy jubilant smile, was Ken. 

********** 

As always, feedback is appreciated! Thanks again for reading. 

I.D.