Jessa looked up from her lunch menu with a smile as Mari settled into the chair opposite her. "I'm sorry I'm late," Mari apologized, trying to get her pregnant belly into a comfortable position in the narrow booth. "I was trying to get the older children organized tutoring the younger ones, and none of them were cooperating," she added with a rueful smile.

Jessa, however, was thrilled that she had opened the conversation with a comment about the children. Although her initial intent had been to discuss 'politically correct' means of navigating the swampy waters of city life, given everything that had passed since the invitation, she was all too happy to concentrate on the mundanity of raising children. "I was the youngest of my siblings," she said, "And I remember quite well how horrified they were when asked to tutor me. They only thing I loved more than learning was tormenting my brothers and sisters," she confessed.

Mari laughed. "You seem far too sweet to be that uncooperative."

Jessa rolled her eyes. "If only you knew. When I wasn't teasing them, I was dead-set on beating them at some sport. And you know the youngest gets away with everything," she added, directing the comment at Mari's round belly.

"Not in my household," Mari said to her unborn child, then laughed. She abruptly changed the subject before Jessa could keep her on children and interior decorating and anything but politics. "So Torah will be home soon?"

Jessa hadn't come to think of Paris as home, but supposed that would come natural to Mari. "In a couple of weeks, if work doesn't interfere," she answered.

"Oh, they'll make sure it doesn't," Mari said.

"They?"

"You know. The council, his handler." Mari was studying her menu.

"Drau?" Jessa gave a shudder. "I don't think I like him much. He's not happy about me being in Paris."

"No. He wouldn't be. He likes to keep things within his grasp. The salmon here is very good. They serve it with a wonderful lemon dill sauce."

"That sounds delicious," Jessa agreed and just like that, she felt her resolution to avoid politics fly off. Mari was obviously much more open when Jacq or servants weren't around. Her talkativeness was too tempting to ignore. "Does Jacq have a handler?"

Mari shrugged. "More like a council liaison. I think, in Dusseldorf, the council fears the power of the agents more, works harder to control them. Here," she shrugged again, "It is more like a desire to keep their focus in certain directions. At least I have never heard Jacq complain the way Torah has."

Jessa began to suspect that Mari paid way more attention to table talk than it appeared when they'd been at dinner together. She wondered if that was what Torah expected of her, too; appear obsessed with children and household, but listen closely and provide insight. Maybe that was why he had given her such free rein to the councilary web and divulged apparently secret information to her. But then why couldn't he just say that was what he wanted? Why did everything have to be so obtuse?

The waiter came to take their order, and when he left, Mari gave Jessa a very frank look. "About Arnau..." she started.

"I know," Jessa interrupted. "I didn't handle it well at all. I felt so naïve." She lowered her voice. "I never even fooled around, really, except with a neighbor. Even at Summer's End, I just wanted to be left alone. And then with Torah..." she paused, searching for careful words.

"I know," Mari supplied. "It was like an arranged marriage, all decided without your input."

Jessa gave a slight nod. "I know that's how it's done in the Circles, but, I mean, I wanted..." she stumbled to a halt. She took a deep breath. "It is what it is. I've accepted that. And I honestly thought at first that Arnau just wanted to befriend me. I should never have let him kiss me," she confessed, hoping Mari would assume it had never gone beyond that.

Mari was watching her closely. "Arnau can be... assertive," she agreed.

"I've made it clear to him that I'm not interested," Jessa insisted.

Mari gave a short, soft laugh. "I heard."

Jessa groaned. "I suppose everyone has heard."

Mari nodded. "They call this a city, but it's really no different than small towns of old."

"Is Jacq really mad at me?"

"He is. He told me so, as soon as he finally stopped laughing."

"Did he tell Torah?"

Mari paused a long moment. "Jessa, you should assume that Torah knows everything that happens on this continent."

Jessa bit her lip and shook her head. "But how?"

Mari shrugged uncomfortably. "I don't know. I think it has something to do with his father, who he was, what he did." She lowered her eyes. "I just know that Jacq depends on Torah and his team for information he can't even get from his own council liaison."

They both fell quiet as the waiter brought their lunch plates. Jessa was letting the first delicious bite melt on her tongue when Mari spoke again. "What did Arnau do to you?" she asked softly.

"Do to me?" Jessa said, repeating the question while her brain raced for an acceptable answer.

Mari sighed. "We haven't known each other long, but I have a pretty good sense for people. I don't think you would break someone's arm just for being annoying. And I don't think you are naïve enough about city politics to take on the City Marshall without sufficient cause. And..." She toyed with her salmon.

Jessa let the silence dangle. She wasn't sure where the conversation was headed, but she didn't want to be the one leading it there, wherever it was aimed. Mari took a deep breath and let it out slowly, gazing off into the distance. "Hypothetically speaking," she said softly, "If a man took certain liberties that he shouldn't, and I was afraid of what Jacq might do about it, if he found out, and what consequences might befall him because of what he did about it... Well, I might be tempted to preempt an overreaction on his part by an... underreaction on my part." She looked back at Jessa. "In other words, I suspect you did less harm to him than he did to you. So I guess what I'm really asking is, are you all right?"

Jessa leaned forward and put her hand on Mari's arm. "I'm fine, really. I'm just afraid you ascribe too much restraint to my nature. Remind me some day to tell you about the revenge I took when one of my brothers put a frog in my bed."

Mari giggled. "Just please don't tell my kids those stories. They get enough ideas on their own."

****

That evening, Jessa was staring at her cell phone, wondering if she should call Torah and confess to breaking Arnau's arm. He would certainly have heard, if not from Raza or Jacq, then surely from someone in the city. She could call and tell him she had lunch with Mari and learned how to behave like a Lady. But she also knew, even as Mari had reasoned it out, that Torah would know Arnau had done something beyond being annoying. No matter how she tried to steer the conversation, it would keep coming around to Arnau. 

She had stayed home last night, expecting Torah to call. And she was staying home again tonight, for the same reason, even though she wanted to dig ever deeper into the mystery surrounding the pairing of her and Torah. She finally picked up the phone, having convinced herself it would serve better if she called him, rather than waiting, when the phone rang in her hand. She cringed. She had taken too long to decide; now she'd lost that small advantage.

"Torah?"

"Jessa," he replied, in that flat tone he used when he was angry.

"I was just sitting here, trying to figure out how to tell you about something I did," she said softly.

"Really. And what was that?"

"You remember I asked you about Arnau? I think I gave him the wrong impression."

"Oh?"

"He tried to take liberties, and I overreacted."

"There's no reason to speak in euphemisms," he said bluntly. "We're all grownups here."

"He wanted to make love..."

"Fuck," he offered, by way of correction.

"Yes, he wanted to fuck, and I told him no..."

"And then you broke his arm."

"Well..."

"If you needed to break his arm, if he wouldn't take no for an answer, why not in the moment? Why in broad daylight, at his car, with his driver standing right there?"

"Um..."

"Jessa, tell me the goddamn truth. Did he fuck you? If you didn't want it, and you could break his goddamn arm, why didn't you!"

"Because he ran too fast," she blurted out.

"Before or after he fucked you?"

"Torah, please," she whispered.

"Answer me!"

"After," she said finally.

"Because you wanted it, then changed your mind?"

"No! He was drunk. I fought him off, but I..."

"But what?"

"I wanted to mark him," she whispered. "So that he would look in the mirror and remember."

"The scratches on his face?" Torah's tone was just a touch softer.

"Deep enough to scar. So that every morning, he would look in the mirror and remember that he can't just take what he wants. And I was going to break his arm, for good measure," she added. "But I let my anger take control. I hit my head, and he..." She paused and drew a shaky breath. "The next morning, he was there and he apologized."

"And then you broke his arm."

"I'm sorry, Torah." She heard him sigh. "Torah, please, I've taken care of it. He won't come near me again, and, well, it's my fault he misunderstood in the first place, I think. I just wanted to be nice and to socialize, like you asked."

"So it was my fault?"

"No, Torah, that's not what I meant! I'm just not very good at this. I'm good at math and science, not these relationships where people talk in code. But I had a long visit with Mari today. She helped me a lot. I'm trying, Torah. I really am."

There was a long silence, then he said, "I met with Gemma today."

Jessa felt her hopes soar. "Can I start working?"

"We didn't solve anything. More like we figured out what questions to ask. We can discuss it when I get there. When do you see the doctor?"

"The day after tomorrow. I'm sure he'll say I'm fine to get pregnant again."

"Goodnight, Jessa," he said and the call disconnected. She stared at the phone. It was an abrupt ending even for Torah. She looked at her computer. She had an hour and a half before her designated sign-off time. Did she dare leave to do research with her tablet? She would have less than an hour to work, by the time she got to a restaurant or bar and when she had to head back again. But she had all but run out of what she could safely explore at home under the watchful eyes of Torah's tech. She heaved a sigh and decided to do coursework for the rest of the night. The conversation with Torah had exhausted her, and his abrupt disconnection worried her. She could almost imagine him being just outside, watching for her to leave.

****

Jessa was texting Torah as she walked out of the doctor's office with the news that she was good to get pregnant again. A part of her was actually excited. She hadn't wanted the role of baby-making machine, but when she had been pregnant before, she had felt a connection with the lives growing in her, and mourned them when they were lost. And in some way she didn't understand yet, those lives had given her a connection to Torah, however tenuous, that went beyond the dictates of the Council or the wedding ring she now wore. She'd even decided to spend part of her afternoon shopping for baby items, something to please Torah when he arrived back in Paris. After all, a happy Torah was so much easier to be around, not to mention physically enticing.

Even more than thoughts about pregnancy, though, the mystery of the connection between Torah's and her genetics was plaguing her mind, invading her sleep and demanding a resolution before Torah arrived. She had dredged through as much as she dared on stem cells on the internet and through her course materials but nothing was specific enough to give her clues, and the particular genetic combination she had found reference to didn't have any significance that she could track down through public resources. She had to get back on the dark web and councilary web for more than just a short late afternoon bistro visit. And that meant sneaking out at night again. She'd been overly cautious for the last few days, fearful that Torah would call, or be watching her home computer activity more closely. She dared hope that with the news today, he would relax any inordinate attention. She was already rewriting her applet in her mind; the one that made it appear she was busy at home on her computer.

Once Jessa and Raza found a store catering to infants and children, Jessa found herself facing a broad array of items and no idea what might be appropriate. Worse, everyone in the store assumed she was already pregnant and was filled with questions about when she was due and what sex she was expecting, until she was ready to flee. Raza jumped in with vague explanations and eventually helped her select a simple beginning of a layette. Jessa insisted on taking the servant for a late lunch in thanks for her help, though Raza was just as traumatized by the thought of presuming to eat with her mistress as Jessa had been in the store. It took ample glasses of wine before both of them had relaxed enough to giggle together, and they were still giggling when they walked home, wisely leaving the car behind.

Jessa spent the remainder of the afternoon and evening sobering up. Still, it was worth it to make inroads on her relationship with Raza. After their long lunch, she was convinced that Raza hadn't told Torah about the encounter with Arnau. Building on that trust was well worth too much good wine. She snuck into her office even before Shay and Raza had finished cleaning up, and she tweaked her applet to focus on other plausible search topics. It wouldn't do for Torah's tech to realize she was searching the same things over and over again.

Jessa ended up having to wait for the servants to retire to their own apartment, then wait even longer to make sure they were settled in, clutching her bag and its precious tablet stashed within. As she waited, she was remembering. The only regular use of stem cell therapy she knew of was bone marrow transplants. She knew of research in how to control differentiation and such, and she had researched the experimental attempts to take adult stem cells and 'grow' particular cell types or structures to be transplanted back into the original donor, with various degrees of success. The efforts to stimulate stem cells tended to lead to overstimulation, with either the wrong kinds of cells being produced or too many of the right kinds, either case resulting in tumors. Donations from others created the same difficulties as transplants, with the issues of tissue rejection or side effects from the necessary destruction of the recipient's own malfunctioning cells. Even the flexibility of embryonic stem cell differentiation had run into compatible donor obstacles as well as with the recipient's immune system attacking the new cells, or having to be shut down entirely under anti-rejection therapy resulting in vulnerability to any and every infection that came along.

Jessa remembered as a child providing at least three bone marrow donations. She hadn't thought that much about it at the time. Save the last time, when she was around fifteen and her insatiable curiosity about the procedure caused her to pester the doctors to distraction, and beyond. Her fascination had easily outweighed the pain of the procedure. But now, as she thought back, she didn't remember the donations going to relatives, close or distant. She hadn't been told anything about the recipients. Were those donations experimental? Some immunologic testing? Had the recipients survived? The information had to be out there somewhere. The chance of her being a perfect match to three – or more – recipients was almost astronomical. So many questions were bouncing around in her mind.

Jessa pulled a cloak from the closet and slipped out the door. She could hear Shay and Raza laughing about something in their own apartment as she tiptoed down the hall and out of the building. The first time she had left at night to do her secret research, it had seemed like something of an adventure. Like the first night she had snuck out from home to go to a party by the lake. She had gotten away with it that night, even though she'd thrown a boy into the lake when he'd tried to kiss her. As far as she knew, her parents had never found out. Somehow, she didn't think she would be able to keep this secret from Torah. She could only hope to buy a little more time and she desperately wanted an answer before he returned. It was becoming all too clear that whatever made the two of them special, had to do with the babies they would produce. But how could something that was so hard for her to find out, seem to be foremost on the minds of so many other people?

There were Torah's ghostly enemies and his discomforting concern that they were after her also. Renik, the man who had kidnapped her and killed her babies, and who she had killed, had seemed bent only on vengeance against Torah, and it had all made sense then, especially if Torah had told the truth about having an affair with Lania, who belonged to Renik. And yet, Torah had also hinted that many enemies might be out to hurt her. Or, perhaps, possess her. Even Renik hadn't shown any inclination to hurt Torah by killing her, if anything just the opposite. And yet Renik had said something about Torah being dead, as if he did not know that it was the two of them together that was somehow so special. Or as if he was bent on keeping the two of them from getting together. The first action he had taken was to insure nothing would come of her pregnancy, and potentially even prevent further pregnancies, with the damage his kick might have done. Jessa rubbed her forehead, shivering in the unseasonable chill.

There was Arnau, too. If he was such a playboy, had such a reputation, why had he pursued her when she put her foot down to him? There were undoubtedly many barren women in Paris who would be more than willing to entertain a man who wasn't hell-bent on finding a woman capable of bearing children. From the stories told, Arnau had a long list of them in his little black book, or however he kept track. Yes, she had given in to him that one night, willingly. But when she had come to her senses, kicked him out and told him not to return, why hadn't he just shrugged and moved on? 

She paused in front of a small lounge. There was a cold wind blowing and she didn't really want to sit outside this night. The lounge offered wi-fi and there were only a few customers from what she could see through the window. She even spotted a corner table where she could sit and watch others in the lounge. She sighed and pushed her way through the door into the warmth of the building. Jessa nodded at the barkeep and made her way to the table. She scowled at the only patron that showed even a passing interest in her and he quickly turned back to his drink. She kept her cloak about her shoulders; she didn't need the low-cut Parisienne gown given anyone ideas. When the barkeep came to take her order, she asked for a glass of light white wine and some cheese and crackers, ordering crisply and leaving no room for pleasantries. The barkeep seemed to have his own issues anyway, making no effort at small talk. 

Jessa studied the other patrons before pulling her tablet out. There were a couple of men at a table having a low conversation that seemed to be about work. There was a Seventh Circle at the bar nursing a strong drink and looking miserable. A woman sat at the end of the bar and seemed to be trying to capture attention from any one of the patrons or the keep without much success. The man Jessa had initially discouraged with a scowl, was sitting at the bar and trying to ignore the woman on the end. After her initial entry, none of them seemed to pay her any attention. Still, she waited until after the keep had brought her drink before retrieving the tablet.
Keeping her eyes as much on the patrons as on the screen of the tablet, she called up the screen capture of the website she had found with the genetic statistical analysis, hoping there might be some other reference to the 'subjects' of the analysis that she could search on, since simply looking for the names Torah and Jessa wasn't doing much good, and so few people on the continent used family names anymore. She also knew from all her studies that scientists seldom used as simple a system as subject 1 and subject 2. That might have been convenient for the write-up of the analysis, but there should be more complex identification, which might lead her to the original genetic mapping or prior studies. If nothing else, she might be able to determine who had done the original studies, just from the identification conventions they had used.

It required expanding the view and a bit of guesswork, given the resolution, but underneath one of the figures, she found what she was looking for. Again, she broke her cardinal rule for the tablet and made a note of the true subject id's, then dove into a new search, starting with the internet and actual, useful search engines. The search for those particular id's came up blank, of course, but she did, using extensive guesswork and wildcard searches, find a genetics lab that seemed to use similar labeling conventions. The lab was in Berlin, and Jessa groaned. She had, of course learned French, and studied Spanish, so she had a passing familiarity with other romance languages, and certainly latin as it pertained to the sciences. But she only had a smattering of German, and even though English had been nominated as the most common language on the continent, Eastern Germany had been reluctant to let go of their old language. Most of what she could find about the genetics lab was in German and there was no way she was going to trust internet translations with highly technical scientific information. Not that there was a whole lot of that to be found on the internet anyway. It did appear that the lab was still functioning or had been repurposed, at any rate. 

She had just returned to the darker sites of the web to search for further information when another patron entered the lounge. She watched him surreptitiously as her fingers toyed with the keyboard. He didn't seem interested in her or any of the other patrons in particular though, ordering a drink then retiring to a corner table much as she had. After a few moments, he pulled out a smart phone and began typing into it. Jessa had come to learn that smart phones tended to indicate someone of circle rank, even in the cities. She couldn't see a crest on the newcomer, but he had kept his coat on, even as she still had her cloak draped about her shoulders. Gradually, when he continued to take no interest in anyone else in the lounge, she went back to her own pursuits. At one point, he actually used the phone to call someone, though she wasn't able to hear hardly any of the conversation. The one word she did pick out was 'encrypted,' and she smiled to herself, thinking he must be having as hard a time getting information off the internet as she was.

By the end of the night, she was still frustrated, but at least a little more hopeful. She had found some sites that used the id conventions of that particular lab in Berlin, though they were either totally unrelated to her particular genetic interests and/or so highly technical and stolidly German that she couldn't be sure of the significance of them. What gave her the most hope, though, was the recurring interest in the particular genes that had been the source of the statistical analysis she had found. If only Gemma could get her the job she wanted, then any questions she cared to put to geneticists would arouse no suspicions. And she would be free to use computer modelling to determine what that ideal, one-in-nineteen combination might produce, without some hyper-suspicious techie looking over her shoulder. 

She sighed as she folded up her tablet, once more scanning the lounge to see who might be paying undue attention to her actions. No one seemed to care as she wrapped her cloak around her and pulled the strap of her bag securely over her head. In fact, the barkeep was on his cell phone, arguing with someone and angrily wiping down the same section of counter he'd been working on for the last fifteen minutes. Jessa drained the last sip of her second glass of wine and strode from the lounge. 

The cold wind outside was now whipping about as if frustrated that it couldn't find people to annoy. Jessa pulled her cloak tighter and clutched at her hood. She crossed the street in the middle of the block then headed for the corner. She'd been feeling paranoid all evening and she wasn't about to shed the premonition just because she was heading home. She rounded the corner of the building then turned and watched through the display windows of a clothing shop. A moment later, the man who had come into the lounge after Jessa, emerged. He paused as she had done, tugging his coat closer, looking up and down the street. Then he started across the street in the middle of the block, just as she had done. Jessa didn't wait to see if he came toward her corner. She turned and ran, pulling her gown up to free her legs. She had worn flats, knowing that she would be walking some distance. When she reached the next corner, she angled across the street and into an alleyway. She was remembering when she had run from Cologne, how easy it had been to reach rooftops. Of course, then she had been wearing men's clothing, not a tightfitting, wide skirted gown like now. And the city definitely seemed more security conscious than the small towns where she had stolen provisions that she needed. But then, the city also had many-storied buildings, and therefore, fire escapes. 

Jessa climbed up onto an ancient, rusted dumpster, praying the metal wouldn't choose now to give out under her feet. She caught hold of an equally ancient and rusty end of a fire escape landing and pulled herself up, hand over hand until she could catch a toe and throw her other leg over the top rail. She raced up one set of stairs then crumpled to the latticed flooring, trying to look like a sack of debris in her shapeless brown cloak, holding her breath. A few minutes later, she saw the man walk past the end of the alley, glancing down to the far end. After another few minutes, he came back by the end of the alley and proceeded to walk down it, peering behind the ancient dumpster and into recessed doorways. Everywhere but up. Still, she didn't move until a half hour passed. Well beyond her sign-off time on the home computer; the sign-off time that Torah had dictated and which she suspected he watched for closely.

When she finally built up her courage to climb back down, she found that the sliding ladder would in all probability never slide again in its rusty lifetime. She had to jump down onto the dumpster, with far more noise than she'd hoped and slip back down to the ground. She ran to the end of the alley and back onto the street, hoping no one cared enough to check on the noise then made her way home as hastily as she could without drawing undue attention. Inside her apartment, she dashed to the computer, not even stopping to turn on a light, and shut it down, twenty-five minutes late. She sank into the desk chair and picked up her cell phone. It didn't show any missed calls, the only bright spot of the night. She tossed the phone back onto the desk and went to hang up her cloak. 

As she went back into the living room, the lights of Paris were twinkling at her through the windows and she diverted to savor them for just a moment. That was when she saw a man, down on the sidewalk across from her building, apparently speaking on a cell phone. She couldn't tell if it was the same man. His head was down and it was too dark to make out any details. He didn't glance toward the building or give any indication he'd been watching it, but she knew. When he'd lost her outside the lounge, he or someone else had come here to watch for her; probably seen her as she arrived. She clutched at the curtain and leaned against the wall, watching. Was he one of Jacq's men? Someone set on kidnapping her again? Or even killing her? She entertained the idea of confronting the stranger, but in the end, she only threw the bolts on the door and went to bed. Whatever would happen, would happen, and she could deal with it far better if she was rested.

****

The rest she had hoped for didn't come readily and she rose early to unbolt the door so that Shay and Raza could get into the apartment. When she went back into the bathroom to prepare for the day, dark circles under her eyes greeted her. She took her time showering and tried to hide the worst of her fatigue with makeup. She didn't seriously think she could fool Shay or Raza, but they had gotten pretty good at getting the hint that if she tried to hide something, it was because she didn't want to talk about it. She donned comfortable running clothes, even though she had no intention of going out there where someone might be watching, lurking. She marveled at how badly her confidence had been shaken in these last few months. It was maybe a good thing she wasn't allowed to compete athletically anymore. She certainly lacked the 'winning attitude' her coaches had praised her for in the past. Torah had seen to that, and Renik, and Dusseldorf and even beautiful Paris had kicked her and stomped on her and beaten into her that those incredibly rare track meets and Continental Games she'd been allowed to compete in meant nothing in the greater scheme of things. What was a cross-country record to a man holding a gun?

Jessa practiced smiling in the mirror, rehearsing a greeting for Shay and Raza, until she thought she could reasonably cover her discouragement. Then she went through the bedroom and rounded the corner into the kitchen. Her fake smile vanished immediately when she saw Jacq leaning against a counter, sipping from a cup of coffee.

"Good morning, Jessa."

"Jacq! What are you doing here?"

He gave a gallic shrug. "I came to ask you about last night."

Her mind raced. Did he mean the fact that she was late turning her computer off, or did he know about the lounge, was the stranger one of his men? "Last night?" she stammered.

"Your car was found at a restaurant. After closing. Yet your phone showed you at home when I pinged it."

Jessa didn't know whether to be relieved or not. She poured herself a cup of coffee, concentrating to keep her hands from shaking. "Raza and I had a late lunch. Too much wine. I still have a touch of a hangover." She looked over at him as she added some milk. "The doctor cleared me to get pregnant again. We were celebrating. We thought it best not to drive home."

"You always celebrate with servants?" he asked.

"I don't know. I've never had servants before. I don't know what's right or wrong behavior. What I do know is that Raza is Elite, like me..."

"Like you used to be," he corrected. 

"And she's close to my age and we have fun together once in a while. Is that really so terrible?"

He gazed at her with that cool, emotionless expression that Torah had perfected. He set his coffee cup down and studied his fingernails. "So you were drunk last night?"

She frowned. "Tipsy, yes."

"'Tipsy' enough to pass out?"

"What are you getting at, Jacq?" she demanded.

"Well, if you passed out, it might explain why you were late turning your computer off, last night," he suggested.

"You talked to Torah," she stated, and it came out sounding like an accusation.

"Yes. Twice. He was concerned."

"If he was concerned, why didn't he call me?"

Jacq was watching her closely now. He was still leaning against the counter, and his arms were casually crossed, yet she had the sensation of an animal of prey about to be pounced on. "He did. You didn't answer."

"He did not," she argued. "The phone would have shown a missed call."

Jacq smiled humorlessly. Jessa had to concentrate to keep from instinctively backing away from him. "Oh, he did. He wanted to tell you how pleased he was with the doctor's conclusion." Jessa shook her head in confusion. Jacq continued. "I told him you were probably just in the bathroom or something. So he waited and tried again. You still didn't answer. See, he was puzzled, because your computer was active. And then he was puzzled that you were spending so much time on the internet, on inane websites. He had his tech clean up your phone log, and then they just settled in to watch and wait." He shrugged. "I knew he was worried, so I sent one of my men over to your building. He told me he saw you arrive back, in a proper gown, so not out for a midnight run again. That was just about when Torah called to tell me you closed down your computer."

"What do you want, Jacq?" she asked in exasperation.

"The same thing Torah wants. The truth. Where were you?"

"Then Torah can ask me," she snapped.

In two steps, he was in front of her, bearing down on her despite only being perhaps an inch taller, backing her against the refrigerator. "This is my city," he said. "If you are to be in it, under my protection, you will answer to me."

Jessa fed on her anger, gaining courage from it. "Don't play your mind games with me," she snarled. "You know damn well where I was. You had one of your men on me the whole time. Ask him. He'll tell you I was alone."

Jacq's hand was suddenly about her throat, pinning her against the appliance. "Where were you?" he asked again, enunciating each word slowly.

"La Ville Dorée," she gasped.

"Why?"

"Research on the internet, the dark web." She pulled his hand away from her throat, as much as he would allow. "I didn't want it to be traceable here, to me. I have a tablet. I took it with me. That's all I did, was internet searching. I swear, Jacq."

"And if it is such an innocent pursuit, why not from home? Why hide it from Torah?"

"Not from Torah. From his people." She let go of his wrist to rub her throat. He stared at her, apparently as perplexed by her answer as she had been by his inquisition.

"Explain!" he commanded.

"I admit that I wanted to have the answers before he got here," she said shakily. "Or at least know what questions to ask. But I'm not a fool. I knew I couldn't hide what I was doing from him for any length of time."

"Then I'll ask again. Why sneak around, why hide what you were doing? Why risk his wrath?"

"I don't know any more who is a friend or an enemy. I don't know what Torah knows and I don't know who knows what Torah knows. I don't know what you know. I don't know who I can trust."

He scowled at her and put his hands on his hips. "Don't you think you're being a little overdramatic?"

"Me?" she exclaimed, backing away from him nonetheless. "You stand there pretending you have no idea where I was last night. Did you really pretend to Torah that you didn't know I was out of the apartment? He never called, did he? It was all just your stupid spy games, trying to trick me."

He frowned at her. "What are you talking about?"

"The man at the lounge. I know he was yours. He showed up at the apartment later, just like you said."

"Jessa, I didn't have anyone at a lounge watching you. The man I sent here last night had been with me most of the night. Perhaps you'd better start at the beginning."

"But if..." She looked around the kitchen as if searching for an answer.

"Talk," he snapped.

"Last night, after dinner. I went in my office and started an applet to make it look like I was on the computer. I waited for Shay and Raza to go to their own apartment. Then I went out..."

"To the lounge," he concluded, trying to speed her up.

"No. I mean, that wasn't where I was headed. But it was cold outside and it seemed nice and quiet so I went in there and took a corner table. Had some wine and cheese. He came in maybe fifteen, twenty minutes later. He never really looked at me, just played with his phone the whole time."

"Then why did you think he was one of my men?" Jacq asked impatiently.

"When I left, I was feeling paranoid. I went around the corner and watched. He came out right after and crossed the street right where I had. I got scared and ran."

"All the way home?"

"No. I only had a few minutes before he would round the corner. I had a gown on and no running shoes. I didn't know if I could outrun him, so I went behind the block and down an alley and hid. A few minutes later, he passed the alley, looked down it, went by, then came back and went down the alley searching, so I knew he was looking for me."

"And how is it he didn't find you?" Jacq asked skeptically.

"I climbed up to the third floor of a fire escape. He never looked up," she explained. Jacq cocked an eyebrow but didn't say anything. "When he was gone, I went home. I tried to make sure no one was following me, but then when I looked out a little later, he was there. Or someone was. That's why I assumed it was your man, someone who knew where I lived. Jacq, if he wasn't yours, who was he?"

"Maybe you better tell me what you've been researching on your little nighttime adventures. I assume there's been more than just last night."

"I can't, Jacq," she whispered, then cringed as his anger flared. Just like Torah and Erich, there was something terrifying about the way he seemed to become someone, or something, entirely different. Had Mari ever seen this side of him? She couldn't imagine Mari ever defying him. Or maybe he could control it, and was choosing not to with her, about this matter, making it even more difficult for her to trust him. "I have to talk to Torah about it first. Please." She watched, trembling, as he struggled to regain control; watched as his fists clenched and unclenched. He was blocking the only exit to the kitchen. She tried to gauge if she could leap or roll over the counter into the living room before he lunged for her, but he was like a coiled spring of barely contained energy. His jaw was working, trying to find words to convince her, threaten her, she didn't know. He never got a chance to speak before a timid knock came on the door.

Jessa watched as he closed his eyes and shuddered with the effort to draw his anger back inside to its dark hiding place. She didn't dare call whoever was there to come in, expose them to a potentially lethal Jacq. But then he managed to gain some control. "We're not done with this," he rasped, before turning on his heel to answer the door. She went to the kitchen entry, not sure if she could control her shaking.

When Jacq opened the door, a diffident Shay stood there, wringing her hands. "I'm so sorry to be a bother," she said, searching Jessa out. "Raza hasn't returned and it's been over an hour. I would have gone to look myself, but she didn't say where."

"Returned?" Jessa asked, confused. "From where?"

"She went to get the car. She said it would only be twenty minutes."

"I'll check on her," Jacq said, almost knocking Shay down as he pushed past her.

"Wait," Jessa called. "I'll go with you."

Jacq turned sharply on his heel, pointing at Jessa. "You will not leave here," he commanded, and she saw Shay recoil in fear from him, backing toward her own apartment. Jessa stared after him, but only for a moment. Her own anger was flaring, giving her back the willfulness that his earlier anger had stolen. She ran to the door. "Stay here in case she calls," she told Shay, then she was following Jacq down the stairs. When she reached the street, his car was already racing away. Jessa shrugged and began running. The restaurant was less than two kilometers away, child's play for her. She also knew which way Raza would have chosen to walk and she followed that route, her eyes peeled for any signs.
The restaurant didn't serve until lunch, so the number of cars in the parking lot was Jessa's first indication that something was very wrong. There were three of the electric SUV's that the City's Marshall's Force used, and maybe three others surrounding her car. She could see Jacq talking heatedly with one of the City Force. She worked her way through the group of onlookers that was beginning to gather. One of the City Force was trying to herd the sightseers back. She waited until his back was to her, then trotted toward the nearest car and wound her way through the maze toward her own, trying to keep cars between herself and Jacq.

When one of the City Force spotted her and moved to intercept, she pulled a simple basketball feint on him, twisting around his off-side but then coming up hard against Jacq. He clamped his hands around her arms and pushed her back. "I'll have them arrest you if you don't leave right now," he hissed in her ear.

"On what charge?" she argued, struggling vainly against his fierce grip.

"You need to go home now," he said, shaking her for emphasis.

"What's happened?" she begged when she realized she had no hope of getting loose. "Tell me what happened!"

Jacq released one of her arms to signal someone and Jessa took the opportunity to spin around his other side, twisting the shoulder of the arm he still held, but enabling her to see into her own car, where Raza sat in the driver's seat. There was a gunshot in her forehead. She seemed to be staring straight at Jessa, eyes wide and unblinking.