Dear Readers, Hello again. I did not abandon you, I have finished chapter nine and the final installment will be chapter 10 which I will publish in a reasonable amount of time. I had two deaths in my family and a close relative is in the hospital now.

Every time everything got taken care of something else happened. So I apologize for the delay, but I present this chapter to you in the hopes that you forgive me. Hopefully it sates your desire and I will see you all soon.

As always, happy reading - WH

*****

I wake alone, the familiar dark edges of Ander's room swim into focus, the flickering light of the fire sends ominous shadows dancing along the walls. I study the curl of the drapes as reality washes over me. As I blearily scan the room I notice the dark blue dress draped across Ander's chair, along with the girdle laying stiffly in the seat. It is so odd to see them lying there with no recollection of taking them off, the idea sends chills down my spine.

As I study the cut and bunch of the fabric I know I will never belong in a dress like that, the moment of pretend has ended. Whether Amelia had sabotaged my tea or not I would have realized the naivete of my relationship with Ander, it would never last. That much is abundantly clear. I shove away the blankets and stand tentatively, I feel a bit light-headed but otherwise there is little evidence of my episode.

Familiar servant attire is folded near the fireplace, the sight is more comforting than I could imagine. As I pull the clothes over my head I feel better, normal, now that I am somewhere familiar the dread is further away. There is no one expecting anything of me right now and that is relieving in itself. But as my hands near my stomach I feel sick, the very idea of a child nestling inside me sends fear ricocheting along my bones.

My shoes are exactly where I left them when I went with Ander, as I slip them on the dread dominates my mind. No matter what Ander decides to do I will never be the same, that adder slithered into my heart and pierced me with that poison called love. Every nightmare, every fantasy, every moment will be peppered with images of him. I grit my teeth, no, nothing will ever be the same. I pull open the door slowly, fully expecting to see someone hindering my escape but the hall is empty.

As I walk the silence of the house envelopes me, the servants must be in bed by now, no need to turn down beds with no guests, and no festivities to prepare for. No one to put on a show for. I heave open the front door just enough to slip through, the evening air is beginning to chill, I barely feel it as I move toward the stables. Honestly I cannot say I feel much of anything at the moment, if I manage to feel one thing everything else will come crashing in. I cannot imagine piecing myself back together after that so I do as I have always done. I plunge forward.

The stable door opens silently to reveal utter darkness, the door gapes as I use the fading daylight to strike an oil lamp near the door. I close the door and glance toward Shadow's stall. Her dark eyes are already on me, her huge ears twitch and she snorts.

"Hey there." I hang the oil lamp, I reach for her and as her soft muzzle presses into my palm I press my forehead to hers, "It was foolish of me to go."

I back away from her and cross the room slowly, snatching an apple from the corner and studying the smooth red skin. I extend the treat to Shadow, as her teeth tear away half the apple I study the wall, my thoughts spinning as images of the past few weeks with Ander carve through me. 

"There is nothing keeping me here, honestly I came far too close to revealing myself to him. He is a danger to me, whether he knows it or not." I slide into the stool beside her stall.

"It is telling that I come to a horse to lament my misfortunes." I study the straw crisscrossing the floor, "Life is much easier alone, at least then you know who you are, what you need, this is torture. I used to know my place, but relationships complicate everything, friends are enemies waiting to happen, and love is pointless."

I hear a sound from the door and look up to see Ander filling the doorway, "Clara." His voice cracks, he strides forward swiftly, "Gregor told me everything. How do you feel?"

I stand slowly, "I am fine."

Ander stops barely a foot from me, his eyes heavy on my face as he reaches for me, his hands enveloping mine, "The doctor will be here in the morning."

I nod slowly, his hands are burning against my icy skin and I am suffocating, "Of course." But my stomach is tying in knots, sending sparks through my legs, of course he would call the doctor as soon as he found out... I drop my eyes, it hurts to look at him, everything feels wrong. The very idea of being near him makes me feel sick, I allowed him to touch me, to see my happiness, my weakness. The latter is worse than anything else. I let him in, and I never should have believed it could work.

"You never should have gone to Amelia alone, you endangered yourself." His voice is soft, but the patronizing edge cuts through my thoughts.

Slowly I pull away from him, hands clenched against my thighs in an attempt to quell the emotions boiling over, "Is that so?" His dark eyes scan my face, "And if I had not gone how would you have told her you found out?"

"I would have told her William overheard a conversation..."

I shake my head, "As long as William heard it then it is relevant?"

Ander narrows his eyes, "He is relevant to her, if I said it was you she would have lied."

"I sincerely doubt William would change that nasty habit of hers, but barring the fact that she would have squirmed her way out of it; there is another matter that you so graciously ignore. Where exactly did this information come from? Oh, that's right. A servant, one of Amelia's very own, a person she can discipline as she sees fit no matter the crime. That girl was nothing to her, she would have destroyed her if I let you barge in there. But, of course that was foolish of me. Tell me, how often do you think of servants as human beings?" When I see his dumbfounded expression I crack, "You know nothing."

Ander watches me for what seems an eternity, the pull of his emotions almost hurts, but I am nearly done blocking off everything inside me. After so much practice it is easy to peel away my feelings, to stow them deep inside and pretend, "Clara, it was not that I do not value servants as human, it is that I was more intent on your well-being than anyone else's."

I frown, "You have no reason to worry on me any longer my Lord."

His eyes narrow, he nods once, "Very well." He turns on his heel and strides away, the soft hssshh of the door pulling behind him pierces me but I do not dare move. If I go after him there is nothing to say but the truth and that will cause nothing but pain now, there is no reason to tell him anything anymore because he can be nothing to me. That much is certain, no matter what, there will never be safety in his arms. Because I will never be safe, I turn to Shadow as the tears begin to fall, I swipe them away angrily, "Every decision I make is a mistake waiting to happen."

Perhaps I should just leave... The thought rolls through my mind lazily, tempting me to chase it but I would never make it far. I glance at Shadow, the thought is on the edge of alluring but the very idea of taking her into an unknown future is unimaginable. Ander has given me little reason to run, even if he steals the essence of our relationship the alternative is hardly favorable. If I run I will have no way to provide for the child unless I sell myself into service again, and the chances of finding a master that will respect my pregnancy is laughable, to say the least. I sigh as the bleak future spreads before me, the idea disappears as I snuff out the lamp, "I'll come back soon."

The moon barely peeks over the tree line, pale clouds whisper across the stars, if my world wasn't turned upside down it might be a peaceful beauty. As it is, the view is mocking, flaunting beauty no matter the trauma that smothers me. I wonder what my parents would think of me now, my mother would surely be disappointed in my choices... So many mistakes, all the emotions I allowed myself to fall into with Ander. It was exactly what I swore not to do so many years ago, and I was true to that ideal until I met him. What could possibly happen between us to justify such a betrayal of myself?

The night air offers no answers, my heart burns with every betrayal I have managed to endure thus far and those that are to come. Every memory is colored with fear, even the ones with Ander, I lean against the stable door and stare into the black abyss. No matter the stars, there will always be darkness surrounding them. The brightest of stars enveloped in dread, always creeping closer with every shimmer. I imagine there will always be some manner of darkness in everyone's life, my thoughts drift to Amelia, what could her greatest fear be? Perhaps it is that those lower than her will destroy her, the constant need to be desired, or just the idea that she is better than everyone is her darkness.

In the long run it does not matter if I know or not, knowing will not change her, even confronting her would not change her. Such is human nature, people do not want solutions to their problems, they want someone or something to blame. With everything that has happened in my life I know I will survive this moment, I do not need anyone in my life. That never changed. But I wanted Ander, more than I could ever put into words I wanted our abomination of a relationship to last. I let out a disgusted breath and bury the thoughts and emotions with every other disappointing chapter of my life. There is nothing to be gained from thoughts of the past or the emotions trapped in them.

The crunch of gravel, the soft pad of grass, that is the music of my downfall, the tune I follow toward the hellscape that is my future. Perhaps the loss of this chapter will create the quiet future I want, the routine I had been coming to enjoy might resume, the day could drag on as I fold sheets and peel potatoes. Everything could slip back into that blissful repetition with no one the worse for wear. Everything could just be normal.

But that is the lie. Nothing will ever be the same. Ander made something blossom within me, that thing I never imagined would reside within me again. Hope. Even now it strains to whisper sweet nothings to me, but I blot out the dreaded words. Those that claim if I tell him the truth... I push open the front door and close it on those awful thoughts, nothing will change this future.

The sun has not even begun to rise when the veil of sleep is shattered, my heart is thundering as I scramble out of the cot and scan the room, everything is exactly as it was last night. The room is full of the same cots, the servants peacefully asleep. I take a deep breath and feel my body loosen, despite my fitful sleep I am painfully alert, I push out of the room; desperate to get on with whatever this future will hold. "Ah, Clara." I turn sharply to see William behind me, I tense as he approaches, "You are quite the early riser!"

"Yes my Lord."

He frowns before spinning away from me, "Ander asked me to escort you. If you please."

I follow with heavy steps, the walls lean toward me, mocking me with their unyielding presence. Nothing will keep this from happening, staring at William's back my mind spins, if only I had... I shake my head as the dread bubbles up from the grave I created, my desires no longer matter. I swallow the emotions threatening to spill from me, there is no place for them now, William stops far too soon, he turns to me and extends his arm indicating the room I am meant to willingly enter. I blink away the tears, I cannot cry right now, of all the baseless things to do that is the worst offense. I straighten and stride into the room, there is a table in the center of the room with a crisp white sheet draped across it. A large brown bag stands open exposing all manner of torturous tools the doctor must think he will be using on me. When I see his tight face and slick hair I remember him, I cannot recall his name but that pinched look shows he clearly remembers his distaste for me. Ander is nowhere to be seen.

Fire blossoms in my stomach, I turn to William but he is gone, the door closed securely behind him, I glance at the doctor, "Your Master has instructed me to examine you. If you would please lie on the table."

I stare at him, my jaw clenched so hard I am sure my teeth will shatter, "What?"

He sighs, "You're one of the dim ones then."

He moves toward me but I spin away from him, my blood blazing, "No sir, I am quite the opposite of dim, and I do not believe I will allow you to touch me. Where is Lord Ander?"

The doctor watches warily, "He told me to meet him in his office when I was finished inspecting you." I am out the door before he can add anything else, my body sings with energy, I will never sit idly by. Whether I want to or not I have to convince him to let me keep the baby, I do not care about our disastrous relationship or the implications of keeping our creation. The idea of life pulsing inside me... I pick up the pace, I see nothing as I move forward, the people blur past me without features, the furniture blends together as I move. My thoughts are such a jumbled mess I cannot imagine what I will say to Ander, all I know is that I will make him understand even if it kills me, even if he finds it so easy to walk away from what we had, even if he never wants to see me again.

The sound of the door swinging open shatters my rash decision, I am in the doorway, breathing raggedly as Ander glances at me, his expression unreadable. He is standing at the window, giving me the most striking view of his profile, I take a deep breath and close the door behind me, but as soon as I open my mouth to speak I cannot find the words for this particular situation. What could I possibly say to him? He looks effortlessly poised, his hands clasped at the base of his spine, his attire straight and crisp, his jaw set and smooth. I wonder at what it was that others were unable to see, I feel I have had such a thought before... I drop my eyes and take a deep breath, "My Lord, contrary to what you might think I have no intention of allowing that doctor to... I will not... I..." I shake my head and glower at him, "I will never allow it!"

The words come out sharper than I intended but I do not correct myself, Ander's stormy eyes are like stone on mine, unmoving, and utterly impassive. It strikes me that this is exactly how I remember him looking when I met him, only now do I realize how vulnerable he was around me, that knowledge bites deeper than anything. That freedom... Could you ever love me? I stiffen as his voice caresses my mind, and I know those words will haunt me for the rest of my days.

"Come with me." His voice is light, almost ghostly. Ander moves past me, for an instant he is so close I hold my breath, but just as quickly he is out the door and striding away with a purpose. I hang my head and follow as closely as I dare, as we reach the front of the house I am surprised when he walks through the front door instead of returning me to the doctor. The air is just beginning to warm, a walk at this hour is something I have not been able to enjoy in quite some time. And I shall not for the rest of my life, I assume.

Ander circles to the left of the house, following a rough path into the trees, I hesitate at the edge of the wood before steeling my nerves and plunging ahead. We walk in silence for an eternity, the sound of life around us makes me painfully aware of the silence between us. Silence I wanted... The thought cuts me, but it is better this way. It has to be better...

I lose focus when we enter an enormous clearing, Ander stands stiffly, staring past the space, his eyes seeming to focus on something I can never see, "I was twenty-two when my son died." I watch as he moves forward, "It has been fifteen years, but I think of him often, the pain will never end. It has dulled over time, but this is where my house once stood, my son's room is carved there. I come here to think of him, some moments are bitter but I trust in the beauty of life. There were days I did not believe in such a thing, but I had to for the sake of my son."

Ander falls silent for a long moment, his eyes falling heavily on something, I follow his gaze and find a corner of stone, "I had everything cleared away, but the sight of that was nothing compared to losing it. Each time I come here it is like reopening the wound, and for a long time I did so to punish myself... In honesty, I have done so every day until I met you. Part of my anger was that you made me happy. I enjoyed your wit, your innocence, your voice." He turns to me and his eyes seem to dance, "I moved forward with my life and imagined that because I was doing everything I was expected to that I was living as well as could be expected. My eyes were always moving toward the past, no matter the success or failure. Memories will tear us apart if we let them."

I imagine this is going to become inescapable if I am not careful, "My Lord, I cannot imagine I mean anything to you at this point. I..."

He strides toward me, fire burning in his eyes, I move back but he grabs my arms and holds me fast, "Have you learned so little that you call me that here?" His voice is dangerously low, I swallow nervously and he drops his hands, "I realize I have treated you poorly in some regards. For that I will be eternally regretful, but I cannot change it now Clara. I know my position colors your perception of me, it is illogical that a relationship would ever blossom between us. And I am aware that you have lied to me," I look away from him, my eyes falling to the stones just thirty feet from us, "but if I were to say that is enough to give up, I would be lying. I never expected to find someone I would put my heart on the line for, but I will do so for you. Whether we are with each other forever or not I will protect you until my last breath. If you truly wish to end this I will allow it."

I back away from him, it is impossible to think surrounded by his warmth, his honesty is overwhelming, "You cannot possibly want me, you barely know me, you even say you know I have lied."

Ander sits on a suspiciously well-kept wrought iron bench, he leans back and studies the sky, "Perhaps one day you will share the truth with me, I have no need to rush you. There is no time frame I imagine this to end or begin. From what you have already told me I imagine this process will take time," His stormy eyes capture me, "Whether you do so or not, it does not change my feelings."

I shiver, his intensity is unsettling, my heart is clawing against my ribs, against my better judgment I sit beside him, "I was a lady once." I look into the distance and the memories bubble over me, "My father's name was Blake Garner, he did the sort of business that would have kept our family secure for a long time. My mother, Diana, was unbelievably in love with him, she was exceptionally beautiful and she could have married above her station if she so desired. Instead she followed her heart. Soon afterward father turned brash, he spent too much money drinking, he drank away the savings, he gambled away the money before it came in. He owed so many people that he sold off land just to hold them at bay. This was happening from the moment I was born until I turned eleven." I take a deep breath as the stench of my father's breath splashes over my face, I tremble as the memories coil around me, "Father used to threaten me when mother left the room, he would tell me 'you so much as look at me funny and maybe I'll make a dime off you for a night' and I was silent, mother taught me to be silent. For a time that was enough for him but then he stole me away from the house, mother was hanging laundry and he snatched me up, 'keep your mouth shut or you'll get your mama hurt' so I was silent. Father took me down to the mines..."
I could barely breathe as we walked, I remember the dirt track leading to the mines scared me, "No one else was out at that time of day, the mines were full of laborers, but they worked in utter silence. Many of them were scarred beyond belief, the women looked worse than even a nightmare could conjure, their faces bruised and bloodied. Their clothes torn and their eyes cast down and empty. I knew he intended to sell me to the men there. The only thing that saved me from that was my age. They refused to take me so young, I hadn't the muscle for the labor. But they suggested he sell me as a companion. Essentially a whore to rich men 'she has a real nice face, you ought to sell her to them fancy men, 'specially if she still pure. Best time to get a fair price fer her'. So we returned home. And I remained silent. Several weeks went by, father tried to teach me how to be a better lady, he stopped mother teaching me to read and had her focus on playing instruments, dancing, 'learn to be real sweet' he would say every day. And I knew that if I became good enough he would sell me.

At some point during this a man began to come by the house, I remember he was dressed far too well to know my father, but he sat at our table and spoke to me for some time. His eyes always following me in whatever I did, and I was frightened of him, he was dark inside, I remember telling mother there was something wrong inside him. He wanted to hurt me. When father took the man home mother boiled a pot of water, the whole time she was sobbing, telling me she loved me more than life, 'I love you more than God should allow me to, remember that, no matter what' as the pot was boiling she went across the way to speak to the man that was the closest to a doctor we had. He came back with her, by that time the water was bubbling over the pot, and she stripped me down and poured it over me..." I close my eyes, the sound was the worst, my mother's cries mixing with my own as the skin melted away, "Afterward the doctor, Thomas, bundled me up and after one last kiss my mother sent me away. Thomas hid me in the floorboards, my father came immediately looking for me, but he never thought to check the floor. I was silent then too. He hit Thomas a few times, but made sure not to kill him. After my leg healed Thomas sold me as a servant, in a town so far from home I never thought to ask him how to get back. After that I had a few masters before the one that painted that canvas on my back. Then I..." I snap back to reality and take a deep breath, "met you."

"Clara." Ander's voice is thin, wavering on the edge of anger, I glance at him and smile.

"I was going to tell you sooner, but if you knew I was more than a servant... I liked being where I was, if you went looking for more answers or revenge I would no longer be safe. If he is alive he still has rights to me. And it was already so complicated." I brush invisible dirt from the hem of my dress, "I care about you Ander, but..."

"Do you love me?" Ander's voice is strained, and for a moment everything falls silent, the world around us blares white, if this isn't love I am not sure what is.

I study the shape of his mouth, my stomach turns and I look away quickly, "Amelia mentioned that you do not want children, I understand but I cannot..."

Ander scoffs and I look up at him, his eyes are burning, "Suddenly you trust her?" I blush as he smirks, "I do not wish to have children with her, perhaps I did not wish children with anyone, but with you I do not mind the possibility. In that regard I must tell you that I did not intend the doctor hurt the child, I merely told him to check your health. Since you fell unconscious in the carriage I thought it would be the best option. I apologize if that is what you imagined I had in mind."

I look at him and study his eyes, "I just..." I study the stones of his home, the fire he endured to save his helpless child, the place he willingly brought me to. And my future comes to a blaring reality around me, if I turn away from him now, I will have this burnt wreckage in my heart until I die. "If I refuse you now, you will not pursue a relationship with me?"

"I will respect your wishes, if that is what you want then I will accept that."

The idea turns over in my mind, but there is something about that future that eats away at me, I can barely imagine a moment of my life without him, "You will not sell me?"

A pained laugh, "Never."

I look at him, my heart is like a block of ice in my chest, "Will that not cause you unnecessary pain?"

Ander smiles, and it is vibrant, "I will keep you safe, you have endured enough, and had so many choices taken from you. I can provide a place that you do not need to fear."

I love him, I will never be able to stop loving him if I live here, I will see him in everything and it will hurt, "I cannot make this choice. It is far too much to consider..."

"Your decision is not necessary at this moment." He falls silent for a moment, "Do you still fear me?"

My heart melts the longer I am near him, I need to get away, "Pleasant moments do not alter years of experience, I have met people that seem kind, people that use, people that pretend. And I have known you such a short time... I apologize if that offends you but I want you to understand."

"This is something I do not think I can understand, I have never endured suffering as you have. Perhaps you will never trust me completely. No matter your choice, I will be here for you, and I will do my best to continue giving you pleasant moments."

His scars are so prominent in the daylight, I study the angry curve of them along his jawline, the way the fire destroyed the contour of his ear, I move forward and caress the valley of them. I cannot admit that I love him, even if I wanted to, it is too much of a vulnerability and the longer I can pretend I will be okay if he leaves me the happier I will be. I bury my fingers in his hair and kiss him, his lips are soft, gentler than when he kisses me, I trail my tongue along his bottom lip. His tongue lashes against mine, and the gentleness is replaced with a forceful hunger I have become familiar with. His arms crush me against him, I moan as the heat coils in my womb and I wish this was enough for him. I want to make him understand. Every ounce of emotion toward him floods me, he pulls away from me suddenly, "Get on me."

I stare at him dumbly, my heart is pounding in my chest, heat flowers across my cheeks, "Ander I..."

"Either you will do it or I will." His tone is scorching, and the source of my heat flowers in anticipation, I whimper as I straddle him, he smiles, "Good girl."

I groan when he claims my mouth, his hand presses between our bodies and he finds my treasure with no difficulty. His fingers invade my slick tunnel and I cry out, my head snaps back as he flicks that button of pleasure. The sight of the trees brings the vulgarity of what we are doing to the forefront of my mind, "Ander, we shouldn't do this here."

He grabs the nape of my neck and pulls me dangerously close to his sensuous lips, "Do you dislike this?"

His eyes are sharp as he claims my body, I moan and drop my head onto his shoulder, "Ander."

He growls against my neck and buries his teeth in my soft flesh, his long fingers playing my body so perfectly I rise to that edge, "Perhaps I should stop now? Would you like me to?"

I whimper as he slips his fingers from my eager pussy, "No please."

He growls, "Please what dearest Clara?"

"Please don't stop."

"Unlace your dress Clara." I lean away from him, my body is singing, and I cannot look at him as I obey, I want him more than anything right now, no matter the consequences. My trembling fingers trip along the ties, his hand slides along my slit, and his fingers resume their dance on my heat, I roll against him and close my eyes. I tug away the last of the laces and he yanks the dress down with his free hand, exposing my breasts to his hungry gaze. His tongue lashes out against my nipple and I moan wrapping my fingers tightly in his hair, silently begging for release.

I feel dangerously wanton, but that only intensifies my pleasure. Ander nips at the sensitive hardening peak of my breast, lapping at my soft flesh, his teeth graze my skin. I whimper as he pulls my mouth back to his, my breasts brush the fabric of his shirt and it sends delicious tingles flowing through me, my body clenches around his invading fingers and he smiles against my lips. He pulls away from me, his tantalizing fingers slowing their movement, "You are quite lewd are you not, dear Clara?" Heat floods my cheeks, he slowly slides his fingers into me, "Would you enjoy it if I tied you down and blindfolded you? Then I could really violate your pretty little body. Your helpless pussy would be spread before me, your luscious breasts at my mercy."

I can feel it as my body tightens around him, it is horrifying to feel how easily I am affected by him. I cry out as his hand plays against me, alternating between filling me with three fingers, stretching my slick tunnel, and rolling that bead of fire causing my mind to unravel, "Ander, please..."

"Answer me Clara."

I rise to that dangerous peak, "Yes, please!" He bites my nipple, hard enough to send a bolt of pain twirling along my spine and I shatter, I arch against him, my cry splitting the air. My focus narrows to a point, everything around us flickers out of existence and the wave of ecstasy claims me. I crumple against him breathing hard. Tremors roll through my pussy, gently caressing his fingers still buried within me, I turn red as the reality of my behavior crashes over me. 

I try to move off him but Ander clutches my arm, "Now where could you possibly need to go in such a hurry my dear?"

I cannot bring myself to look at him, "Ander... This is entirely inappropriate."

His fingers tease my clit and I groan, "Your modesty does not fool me my dear." He pulls from me and buries his fingers in his mouth, "You are so sweet."

I scramble off him and lace my dress as quickly as possible, my inability to resist him is tearing me apart, I have been in control of my emotions and reactions for so long. I watch him as he rises with me, he glances toward the stones then looks at me and smiles, "Come, I should have taken you straight back to the doctor. I am an incapable caretaker it seems."

I try to organize my emotions, but they are so tangled in one another, his control is what excites me, but it also terrifies me. My heart belongs to him, no matter what I say, he holds my fate in his palm. I want him to love me, but... "Ander." His eyes are heavy on me, it is difficult to speak with that gaze fixed upon me as if I am the only person in the universe, "What happened between you and Amelia?"

Ander's eyes darken, "If I thought you would approve I would have wrung her neck, but since you do not seem the type to condone that sort of behavior I made it abundantly clear that she is not as in control as she thinks. I outlined every possible way I could dismantle her life, without laying a finger on her, and she seemed repentant. Though it is my intention to discover what you wish to be done about the situation before I do so. That decision was difficult to make, but the longer I stood there I realized I wanted nothing to do with that conversation, so I left halfway through and gathered our things. Then I called on the doctor."

"Why are you willing to do such things?" I did not mean to say that, the words burst forth, as if compelled to find something to hold on to. I feel heavy, yet small in the same moment. 

Ander smiles, and it is beautiful, the sun makes his hair shine like amber. The figure he cuts is so elegant, the broad easy stance in a place that caused him such pain, "I love you Clara."