First of all I would like to extend my thanks to my faithful readers, it has been some time since I started this tale and I nearly gave up on it until I ventured back and found my readers still waiting. For that I must apologize, I have followed stories only to be disappointed by them so it was entirely selfish of me to do such a thing. With that being said, your support goes a long way, I enjoy reading your comments and it is nice to know that there are people out there who enjoy my writing.

I do not use an editor, I am aware there are mistakes in my writing, but I do not believe my writing is of consequence to someone else. Meaning I do not believe this story is of enough value to be poured over by an editor. I apologize if my literary efficiency is not up to par for some readers.

Again I want to thank my most faithful readers, some of which have helped to shape this story with their comments, and others which have successfully pressured me to continue.

As always, happy reading. -WH

*****

A knock on the door shatters my cocoon of thought, I drag a hand through my hair as I open the door, "Lord Ander instructed me to bring this to you."

I stare at the cup of tea, so innocent yet full of so many implications, "Thank you Jess."

She drops her eyes as I sip the tea, she fidgets with the hem of her dress as I finish the tea, it tastes faintly of lemon and the slightest tinge of rose. I tip the last drops of the liquid down my throat then extend the cup to her, she gives a slight bow before scurrying away without another word. I watch her leave, uneasy for some reason, she is acting differently now... Perhaps Amelia warned her not to speak to me, it seems a reasonable assumption so I brush away the feeling and close the door.

Once within the silence of the room I am immediately dragged back to my dark thoughts. Amelia is dangerous, her treatment of me is not unheard of, but she could just as easily become volatile... I glower into the fire, how am I meant to defend myself from a woman of standing? I can act like a Lady, but truly she will always win, because she is better than me, she will always be one step above me. Ander's acceptance of my body means nothing in regards to my standing, Amelia does not believe I am better than her, she is upset I have taken what should be hers. Rightfully so. In every respect I am not worthy of Ander, I should not even pretend such a thing, and yet... I touch the necklace and sigh, I want so desperately to slip into the illusion he has so gracefully painted, but I will never be able to escape, lest he burn it on a whim and me with it.

I can't ease my tension trapped here, Ander has not returned and the fire has died to mere embers. I haven't the slightest idea at the hour but I am certain dawn is fast approaching and I cannot bear to wait for him to return, my thoughts are heavy with self-doubt and dread. Truly, if he decides to bed Amelia it will be a better match for him than I, she is an intelligent woman of proper standing, and their match would be highly approved... I stand, pinpricks spark through my legs and blackness swirls my vision, I stride out of the room; anything to escape the horrific thoughts.

The manor is eerily silent, the halls dim and lifeless, as I walk I haven't the slightest idea where I should go, but I cannot stop myself. The silence makes my movement seem ethereal, as if I am trapped in a dream, drawn to something I cannot find. I will not seek out Ander, perhaps that is what Amelia wishes me to do, even so, it is not my place to look for my Master. I find myself within the ballroom again, the floor looks like ink in the darkness, the curtains have long since been pulled to. And yet a shaft of moonlight has pierced the center of the curtains and lands upon the edge of a piano. Upon studying the ivory keys I see a glint from the corner of my eye, a violin is lying upon the ground, the beauty of it drags me forward.

My intention is to place it somewhere more befitting of such perfection but when it is in my hands I remember the feel of it, I remember playing for so long my fingertips became raw. I tore my nails when I first started to learn the notes, I close my eyes and place the violin against my chin, reveling in the familiarity, "One day you will play for the masses, just keep practicing Clarice." My mother's voice is so real my eyes snap around the room, but it is just a memory, I rub my eyes and move to set the violin on the seat of the piano but the bow is there. Glinting at me, tempting me... Perhaps it is the lack of sleep that limits my inhibitions but I can't think of a reason not to play just one note.

With the bow in my hands I feel normal, the first few notes are dreadful, but after a few draws my hands remember the motions and I am drawn into a nameless flurry of notes. The bow is racing across the strings, my heart is thundering to the rhythm of my fingers flying across the strings to keep pace with the music in my mind. Nothing else matters, not my past, not my future, not even Ander. All that exists in this moment is the endlessness of the music, the sound drowning out the world, I close my eyes completely falling victim to the freedom of it.

"How interesting." The voice stills my hands and I stand stunned with what I have done, when I open my eyes I see the familiar figure of Amelia, her face cast in shadow.

I drop the violin to my side, all the energy spills from me, "My Lady..." I should say something else but I cannot find the words, so I remain silent.

"You have a multitude of intriguing talents it seems, and yet..." She moves toward me, when her face is touched by the moonlight she looks like a Goddess, "Did your dear mother teach you to play violin as well?"

I drop my gaze to the floor, I curse myself for being so foolish, "I do not remember my Lady."

"Oh?" Amelia reaches forward, for a moment I fear she will hit me but instead she touches the necklace at my throat, "So strange that Ander would give you such a gift."

I keep my gaze lowered, "It was most kind of him to do so my Lady, though I do not do them justice."

"On the contrary," Her voice is lilted, it surprises me enough to draw my gaze to hers, "It is quite beautiful, just as you are. But the glass is quite worthless, no matter how beautiful it may be."

She taps her fingernail against the ruby and I hear the click of glass, my heart locks in my chest and I feel sick. I should keep my mouth shut, but I am tired of her, "Perhaps it is better I understand my place instead of striving for that which does not desire me. I know very well that my value is based in a moment, although it is invigorating to know I have value, some are not so fortunate. Even if Ander does tire of me he is unlikely to rise so high as to capture a cloud-headed beauty."

Amelia clutches the necklace, "You dare say your Master's name without the proper respect? Must I teach you of your place?" She tears the cheap garment from my neck, the metal tears into my skin but I keep my face well-guarded as she leans toward me, fury dancing in her eyes, "When I convince Ander to consider a marriage I will make sure he sends you far away for such a transgression."

I study her eyes before I shove the violin into her arms, "If you convince him to lie with you then I would gladly rest in the bowels of Hell to escape such a travesty. Good evening my Lady."

I move to step around her but her hand cracks across my cheek stunning me into stillness, it has been some time since I have been struck, "You will not move, you must be punished for speaking your Master's name."

I glare at her, "If I am punished it will be at my Lord's hand, it will not be at yours!" She moves to strike me again, but I expect it, I move around her grasp. She shrieks and flings the violin at me, catching me by surprise. It slams into my hip and pain shoots through my thigh, I back away from her as she thunders toward me.

"Clara!" Ander's voice makes Amelia freeze in her tracks, her eyes wild as she looks up at him.

I look back and I can barely make out his form, let alone his expression, he moves forward slowly and I see his hands clenched at his sides. He grabs me and in one motion he scoops me up, "You must teach your Mistress her place Ander, she is quite disobedient." Amelia purrs his name and it makes my eyes water with fury. Ander adjusts his grip under my knees before leaving the room in silence, once out of the ballroom I glance up at him, afraid of the anger he must surely be containing.

With his long strides we are within the room in moments, he gently sets me on the bed before he takes a deep breath and stokes the dying fire, when his silence extends into awkwardness I can't contain myself, "You should not have brought me here my Lord." 

He lets out a long breath before he turns to me, he moves toward me slowly and I am certain he will strike me, if he does it will shatter everything, perhaps it is better this way. When he raises his hand I try not to flinch but I am scared. As much as I want this emotional turmoil to end I did not imagine it would fall apart in this fashion, "Did she hurt you Clara?"

I keep my eyes downcast, "No my Lord, she threw the violin at me, although it surprised me more than anything."

Ander moves away from me and I hear the door, I glance up in time to see him leave the room, I stare after him completely lost as to what I am expected to do. I cannot bear to think what sort of punishment he is manufacturing, because that can be the only explanation, I did not behave as he instructed me to, now there is nothing to be had but punishment. I am drowning in my fear when he slides into the room, he is holding a large glass decanter of some amber liquid, and one small crystal glass.

Without a word Ander slides onto the bed, he pushes the bottle and glass into my hands before pulling at the ties on the back of my dress. My whole body pulls tight with apprehension, I cannot imagine what he is going to do but I cannot resist him, I cannot... I clench my eyes and bear the fear with as much dignity as I can manage, "You are trembling dear Clara."

I clench the glass, "I am merely cold my Lord."

Once the last tie is undone he plucks the glass and bottle from my hands, "Is there someone in the room that I am not aware of?"

I glance back at him, "My lord?" He cocks his head and studies me for a long time before I understand, I look away, "Apologies."

"Get undressed." Ander moves from the bed into the adjoining room, I cannot imagine what he is thinking, I can feel his anger, I just wish he would get it over with. I stand and shakily step out of the dress, I reluctantly pull away the shift then await his return. For the first time I try to cover myself, Ander enters the room his chest deliciously bare and for a moment my fear disappears under a wave of desire. I study the thickness of his chest and I can barely breathe seeing the dark expanse of hair, every muscle in his chest is well-defined and his pajama bottoms are hanging dangerously on his smooth hips. His chuckle yanks me out of my thoughts, "Put this on."

He hands me a long shirt, as I reach for it his eyes trail across my nakedness, a blush races through me and his lips quirk in the most dashing smile yet. I grip the shirt just as he pulls forward so I tumble into his arms, I brace myself against him, my palms resting on the firmness of his chest, "Have you the slightest idea how difficult it was for me to keep from ravishing you on the dance floor?"

I stare up at him, all the air is stolen from me as I see into those endless eyes, those darkened, lustful, beautiful eyes, "Oh..."

Ander kisses me softly, all the fear disappears to be left with that aching neediness, I lean into him and accept the tenderness of this moment. His lips remain soft, instead of dominating me he seems to be teasing me with gentle passes of his tongue on my bottom lip. He ends the kiss suddenly, "As tempting as that sweet mouth of yours is," he pulls away leaving me feeling bereft, "that is not my intention. At the moment."

I pull on the long shirt, it smells distinctly like him, it barely reaches mid-thigh but it is better than being naked. I look up at him and the edge of fear is returning, Ander has the bottle and glass again, he is climbing to the foot of the bed. Once he is settled comfortably he motions for me to sit across from him, I slowly oblige him, and when I am braced against the headboard with my legs crossed, my hands pining the shirt down he smiles slowly, "I am well aware it is my responsibility to punish you," I shrink away from him, "Luckily for you I do not enjoy seeing you in pain, being the cause of it would not sit well with me, while I do not enjoy punishment in general I am particularly loath to subject you to it. Add to that fact I do not believe you deserve punishment. That being said, I do believe you need to trust me and I, you. So we will play a game of questions."

I stare at him, completely dumbfounded, "Oh?"

Ander sets the glass between us, filled with a shot of the amber liquid, "This is our payment, so if I ask you a question you do not wish to answer you must take a drink and if you are caught in a lie you must take two drinks. The game is simply questions, no one need know what we speak of, I will never speak to anyone and I would venture to assume you will do the same."

I study his face, "Why would we do this when it is just as simple to ask each other?"

He shrugs, "This makes it more exciting, because alcohol will limit your inhibitions, so you will be more likely to answer questions if you drink too much in the beginning. It is a game of knowing your limits and which secrets are most important to you."

This is incredibly dangerous, I stare at the glass, if I blatantly refuse he will know I am hiding something substantial but if I do this it puts all my sacrifice to risk... I lean forward, "When does the game end?"

Ander smirks, "When I lose interest in asking questions or when we run out of alcohol."

I gnaw on my lip, the motion draws his gaze and his eyes darken in an instant, he reaches forward and trails his thumb along my lip, I sit holding my breath as he pulls away, "The same rules apply to you? If I catch you lying?"

Ander studies my eyes, his face dangerously grave, "I will not lie to you."

There are so many questions I want to ask him, and this will make him answer them, "Once a question has been asked it cannot be asked again?"

He laughs, "You should have been a lawyer my dear, yes, once a question has been asked it disappears. If a question is repeated or is too similar to a lost question then the asker must take two drinks. Satisfied?"

His eyes become dark with lust, I realize I am biting my lip and release it instantly, his reaction makes my stomach flip, "Okay, I will play the game."

It is dangerous, I shouldn't give him the power to ask me questions, I shouldn't take this amount of risk but I need my own answers. Ander smiles broadly before he settles against the bedpost, "I will allow you the first question my dear."

I study him, if I ask the burning questions first he will just be able to drink them away, but if I wait too long I might not get the chance, "Why did you really bring me here?"

Ander folds his hands in his lap, "My main goal was to entertain you, that much is true, but I also brought you to dissuade Amelia's advances. If I had known she would be so... Unpleasant, I would not have subjected you to this." Unsure of what to do I give a small nod before I glance down, it is strange to be seen as a threat to this woman, for Ander to feel comfortable enough to bring me... It is a thought that I refuse to entertain, "What caused you to begin your bond with Shadow?"

I catch his eyes, they are so intense it is as if they are looking into my soul, "After the second evening together you left as you had done the first time, I was under the impression I had done something terribly wrong. Or that you were disappointed... Gregor showed me the stables before and pointed out Shadow, I didn't want to sit in the room so I went outside and just talked to her. I brought her sugar a few times, she likes sugar better than apples, and it just went on each evening. Every day you didn't return I spent with her, easing her fear." I am not sure what more he could possibly want so I stop and study his eyes, "Why were you so upset with me the first and second evening?"

Ander drops his gaze, in a smooth motion he downs the glass of alcohol, he refills the glass in silence before settling back, "I intend to answer all of your questions Clara, although I will continue to drink when I do not wish to answer."

"That is breaking the rules."

He smiles softly, "You have not the slightest idea my dear." Before I can ask what he means he breaks into explanation, "Many women have attempted to seduce me, I am quite wealthy, my home is quaint compared to others but I assure you I have more investments than Amelia and much more capital in case those fail. Put simply, I am fabulously rich. Many have attempted to coerce me to lie with them, hoping to secure a marriage, or some other such arrangement. Until I met you I had not considered such a thing... Actually when I met you I was not thinking about my investments or the safety of my fortune..." Ander sighs heavily, "Clara, I wanted you so desperately in that first night I am not sure how I would have responded if you refused, you are so... Exquisite. When you were so willing I was frightened it was a ploy of some sort, I just couldn't be sure. I knew nothing about you, and I became certain someone as beautiful as you would not risk giving her virginity to me."

I stare at him, dumbfounded, and I know that I am completely lost to him, if this is all true then I will never be able to find enough flaws to shatter this fragile love. No, if I am not careful this will ruin me, I take a deep breath, "I can't play this game Ander, I can't do this."

I start to move away but he snatches my wrists and leans forward, pining me against the headboard, the glass balanced dangerously between us, "Please."

The word hangs between us, it echoes inside me and I feel something else from it, a wild desperation from within him. I am unsure of his goal but the urgency in his eyes makes me hesitate, "As you wish."

"Did you enjoy being restrained and forced to accept punishment?"

I gape at him, I try to move but his grip does not loosen, "Ander..."

He frowns, "Clara, either answer the question or drink. Those are the rules."

I glare at him, "This is cheating."

Ander smirks, "I haven't the slightest idea what you mean my dear. Now, did you enjoy it when I tied your wrists and ravaged your beautiful pussy?"

The blush causes my nipples to tighten painfully, my face becomes unbearably hot and I have to look away, "yes." I whisper so quietly I can barely hear it.

Ander leans forward, "I cannot hear you dear Clara." I turn to him, anger flooding me in an instant, before I can say something sharp his mouth claims mine. The frustration morphs to pleasure, I tug against his grip, I feel his smile on my lips as he digs into my tender flesh. His lips press harder against me, I groan and arch my body toward him, I want every inch of him to be touching me, Ander pulls away sharply, he settles away from me breathing harshly. I take a deep breath, if this keeps up I might lose all sense of virtue and tackle him, just the thought of being so bold makes my breath hitch, "What are you thinking Clara?"

I blink at him innocently, "Pardon me sir, but I do believe it is my turn." He smiles dangerously and I am not excited to meet his next question, "Ander... How..."

I can't force the words from my throat, I look away and bite my lip, I want the answers... I think I want the answers, "I will answer any question you ask me Clara."
I glance up at him and study his face, the tender scars that trail his jaw down his neck, and wrap around to his back. For some reason this bothers me, does he deserve his scars? He is such a strange man, I cannot say he is entirely based in kindness, he has done foolish things I am sure but there is something so tender about him. I take a deep breath, "How many women have you done this with?"

He is silent for a long moment but I cannot look at him, I cannot let him see my expression if the answer is too extravagant, "How many women have I played this game with?"

I shake my head, "No. How many women have you..." I find that I am not entirely sure how to word it so I leave it in silence and hope he fills in the blanks.

"On the first night we met I bid you sleep in my bed, you were the first woman to lay upon my bed. You are my first lover Clara."

I narrow my eyes at him, "I must insist you elaborate how that is not a lie, I am aware you were married." Ander reaches for the glass and downs it in one motion before filling it and repeating the action. When he reaches for the glass again I place my hand on his, he looks at me with eyes full of endless pain and my heart squeezes, "You don't have to answer, I am sorry."

Ander's eyes flow over my face before he caresses my cheek, "It was a very long time ago my dear." He leans back, I settle against the headboard, "When I was sixteen my parents decided to match me with Ophelia Levingar, she was a perfect match for business and social purposes. I was always desperate to please my father, so I entered the marriage under the impression that a business marriage could still be pleasant. Ophelia insisted we have separate rooms, which I obliged, and we were only alone in a room if she decided we try to have a child. The first two years we had no relations whatsoever, we rarely even spoke, in truth I forgot she was my wife. Thrice we lay together, and I was forbade to see her body, and I was not upset by the fact. Ophelia was a very cold woman, very controlled and... Unpleasant. Not entirely unlike Amelia I suppose. She wouldn't even look at me..." Ander lapses into silence before he sighs, "After the third episode I was certain I would go mad if it must continue, but she was heavy with child, perhaps from the second coupling even. After that we never touched again; perhaps it is an unfair thing to say that you are the first to share my bed, but in truth you are my first lover."

I find it is difficult to breathe normally, I close my eyes and tilt my head back, "Oh." I take a deep breath, "I am sorry..."

"The relation was an entire mistake, but..." He chuckles, "How did you learn to dance?"

I stare at him for a long moment before I reach for the glass then I hesitate staring into the pale amber of it, drawn forward into eternity. I cannot force him from my past entirely, not when he is being so open, I close my eyes before I clutch the glass and resist the urge to escape, "When I was young there was a man that used to teach me many things, he taught me how to dance with the help of my mother. I was around twelve and the steps just came back to me." Ander studies me heavily but says nothing, "Why do you want to play this game Ander?"

His smile is gone, and I am met with that pensive mask I am accustomed, "You do not trust me."

I look away from him, for some reason I feel ashamed. I keep my gaze downcast, "I barely know you."

"That is the point my dear. Ever since you mentioned that, I decided to come up with a way to show you who I am, even the unpleasant bits. You are aware I am not perfect and I will tell you anything you think necessary to know."

I shake my head, "But why?"

"So I do not lose you." I look at him, his expression is dark, "There are moments when I see that fear in you. When I first brought you into this room, you were afraid of me, and I do not want your fear."

He looks lost, I want to touch him, to reassure him, but I am afraid of what that will mean, I take a deep breath, "It is your turn."

Ander's eyes don't find mine this time, "How old were you when your parents sold you?"

"That was a lie." He inhales sharply but remains silent, I take a deep breath before I continue, "My past is very complicated Ander."

He studies me for a long moment, "How did you become a servant, the most simplistic answer is perfectly fine."

I worry the edge of the shirt until I cannot bear it, the alcohol scorches my throat but the relief is greater than anything. Ander leans back as I set the glass between us, his face is set in that mask, and I am frustrated with myself.

I take a deep breath before I study his face, "What happened between you and Ophelia?"

Ander groans before he pours a hefty glass of alcohol and downs it in an unhealthy gulp, he grips the glass and studies it for a long time, "It was a combination of things that would have led to our separation, but before any of that could happen there was a fire in my house. It was during the period I had very few servants, our son was six at the time, my wife discovered the fire, her scream woke me and I rushed out to see what was wrong and saw the fire. The hall was engulfed in flame, my son's door was already surrounded by fire, I told my wife to get outside and call for help. She was overeager to leave our son behind, I used my bedding to beat away the worst of the flames from his door, thankfully he was under his bed crying. The fire had not gotten inside his room yet, I picked him up and ran out of the room, on the way out the frame of the door broke apart and it caught my shirt on fire. I was afraid to stop because I wanted my son out of the house so I just kept running. I still remember the smell of my own skin burning..." Ander takes a deep breath, "Upon exiting the house I found my wife watching the house burn, she had not called for help while her son and husband were burning in the house. I attributed it to fear but after I had another house built and we settled in she told me she couldn't be with me anymore. She was upset by my scars, she said the other women judged her, felt pity for her... So I gave her the divorce she wanted so desperately, she demanded our son, and soon after he died from the smoke that got into his lungs."

"I shouldn't have asked." He shrugs with a dim smile, "What is your next question?"

Ander threads his fingers together, "May I ask what happened to your leg?"

I fidget with the hem of the shirt as I mull over the decision, "When I was almost thirteen my mother poured a pot of boiling water on me." He gapes at me in silence but I can't force myself to elaborate, "Why did you give me a glass necklace?"

Ander narrows his eyes, "What?"

I force my gaze to remain on his, "Amelia told me it was as worthless as me, basically, and explained that it was glass."

He shakes his head, "Clara, I know for a fact that necklace is not glass."

I look away, "Oh..."

His touch makes me jump, his hand is splayed across my thigh and I am reminded of his largeness, "Look at me." I obey and find those stormy eyes inches away from mine, "Do you believe yourself worth so little?"

I start to move but he snatches up my hands and cradles them between his own, "Why play this game if you intend to cheat whenever you please?" He studies me before he releases my hands and leans back, I glower at the glass, "I am a servant Ander, effectively I am your slave, even if you treat me as if I am not I will never be anything else. I am not a woman worthy of your attentions, I am a moment of your life and nothing more."

Ander sighs heavily, "Have you been listening to anything I have said Clara?"

He sounds frustrated but it means little to me at this point, I study his face for a long moment before I make my decision, "I was thirteen when I became a servant, my first master was very kind, he taught me many things and his wife encouraged his attentions with me. One day he asked me a question, I cannot even remember what it was but I had a choice. I could answer him honestly or I could tell the lie he would probably prefer, I was so comfortable with him I told him the truth. His ever smiling face became this angry mask, it was as if he became a different person, so he dragged me outside and ripped the front of my dress, effectively baring me to anyone who might pass by. He tied me to the whipping post and he whipped me so viciously I begged God for death. I screamed so much my throat grew raw, and toward the end the pain was so unbearable I couldn't even see anymore."

I take a deep breath before pushing forward, "I could smell my own blood, at one point he stopped whipping me and touched my tattered flesh, he only stopped because his wife came out. And she said to him 'dear! I am trying to entertain and her screaming is interrupting tea time.' So he stopped and called the doctor. When the doctor arrived he assured my master I would die, but he dressed my wounds regardless and after a time my master returned to his kind self... I trusted him, and he made me trust him, he told me once that it was fascinating to see my trust become fear." Ander is staring at me, his jaw clenched tight, as I continue, "That was the last day I cried, the last day I smiled, and the last day I trusted anyone."

He holds my gaze, "You will never trust me."

It is not a question, it feels like an ending, it frightens me to think of losing him because of my fear, "I have told you more than I have told anyone, I have lost all logic to you, and I am afraid of you because I..." I barely manage to stop the admission, "I want to trust you."

Ander sighs, "Is there anything else you wish to ask my dear?"

I take a moment before I shrug, "Lady Amelia seems convinced you will marry her."

He laughs and it brightens my mood, "Yes, she is quite deluded on that fact. Perhaps her business relations are not worth the trouble, I had hoped she would be discouraged with your presence. Initially she was worried I preferred the company of men..." I stare at him with wide eyes and he laughs, "In her defense I was quite chaste before I met you, several years of seclusion and defending against trollops, many believe I am of that proclivity."

"Well..." I shake my head, "Do you have more questions my Lord?"

He glares at me and I blush but don't correct myself, "I will break that habit of yours even if I have to keep you tied up all day long." He crawls toward me and I roll from the bed, adrenaline pulsing to life. Ander wraps his arm around my waist, dragging me back and in a motion he has me pinned beneath him, "As much as I would love to chase you, I prefer no one see me fucking you in the hall."

I stare up at him, breathing hard with anticipation, "Oh." My mind clears slightly and I frown up at him, "Lady Amelia became angry with me because I forgot to use your title, it is entirely too complicated to switch my Lord."

I am not sure why but I enjoy making him glower at me, he drags my wrists above my head and ties them, ignoring my struggles completely, "Then I will make it apparent you are free to call me whatever you please."

I stare up at him blushing wildly, "That is entirely improper."

Ander grins wickedly as he slides down my body until he is straddling my knees, he trails his fingers along the inner edge of my thighs and I bite back a moan, "Are you one for propriety my dear?"

"Oh yes, very much so. But a brute has taken advantage of me."

He grins wickedly, his hands caress up across my bare legs until he reaches the hem of the shirt, "Taken advantage of, you say?" I bite my lip and his eyes darken, his hands cause lightning to race up my spine, tendrils of pleasure sparking through me. Ander slides the shirt up over my aching need, his hand cups my mound and he teases a finger across my soaking slit and I groan, "What a cruel man, perhaps he should stop?"

It takes all my resolve to meet his eyes, "Perhaps he should."

Ander smirks, he buries a finger in my pussy and I arch against him with a moan, "Never." I struggle against the bond viciously, he laughs softly before thrusting his finger into me, eliciting another moan from me. He buries his face between my legs and licks my clit, heat spirals through my belly and I cry out. He alternates between licking and sucking on my clit while his finger pumps into my soaking cunt, and I am rising to that peak I know all too well. Suddenly he pulls away from me and I whine at the loss, I glower at him and he cocks his head, "Have I done something to displease you?"

I study him as the heat clears from my mind, my pussy is aching but I force it from my mind, "Does it upset you so when I call you my Lord?"

Ander slides his hands up the shirt pushing it over the swell of my breasts, his eyes roam over me hungrily before he catches my eyes again, "How do you think of me?"

"I..." He buries his finger in my pussy and I scream, my climax hits hard and fast, I arch against him as the world crashes around me, everything fades to blackness until all that exists is the ecstasy. I float down slowly, my body slick with sweat, Ander is staring down at me his eyes scanning my face.

"To me you are a woman, you are my dearest Clara, and when you call me Lord or Master it reminds me that you do not think of me in the same way. It is selfish of me to insist..."

I stare up at him, the vulnerabilities he is revealing pull at my heart, "It is not like that."

Ander leans forward, trailing kisses across my brow, "Oh?"

I close my eyes and try to focus on my thoughts, "I can't think like this."

His mouth is on my breast, I groan as he caresses my stomach teasing along the edge of my breast before he pulls at my nipple, I groan and arch against him, "Good." I hear something in his voice, something I am accustomed to hearing in other people, something I have heard in my own voice but never in his. Fear.

The thought is ripped away when he struggles out of his pants and reveals that throbbing cock, my mouth waters at the sight. I am met with his stormy eyes as he presses his cock against me, everything moves slowly as he kisses me, his mouth tenderly pressing mine. I can barely breathe as each agonizing inch is fed into my pussy, I return his kiss trailing my tongue along his lips. He smiles against me as he buries his cock to the hilt, and for a moment he doesn't move, his kiss remains tender and his hand is buried in my hair. I whimper as he pulls from me, he grips my hair as his kiss becomes more desperate. Ander groans before he thrusts against me, tearing a moan from me, "I love hearing you moan for me."

A blush races across my chest, I pull at the tie but the bond has not loosened, "Please."

Ander pulls completely from me, "What my dear?"

"Ander please, please." His eyes are dark with desire, I wrap my legs around his waist, "You will have to untie me at some point."

He smiles softly which frustrates me, I bite my lip and roll against him, his smile slips away. Ander slams into me, his cock fills me so completely, I have never felt so whole, I am forced from thought as he pounds into me, "Drop your legs." Obedience seems natural, as soon as he is free he thrusts into me as I am accustomed, hard, fast, on the verge of violence.

I scream when my climax overtakes me, a flood of heat rolls through me, sparking from my belly, I arch against him and lose the ability to breathe. His eyes are holding mine when I crash back to reality, he slams his cock within me and I feel his cum coat my pussy. His groan is almost a growl, he collapses on me, our chests rise desperately in the heat of the room, our slick bodies clinging together. I am overwhelmed by his heat, I close my eyes and commit this moment to memory, no matter what happens I will never forget this moment. I breathe deep his scent and I never want it to end, I never want to wake up.

Ander peels away from me enough to study my eyes, a combination of our sweat covers my body, I am sure there is a puddle beneath me, but it doesn't matter in this moment. Nothing matters. I stare up at him and study those eyes, the eyes that so entranced me the moment I met him, and the way they are so open to me now, "Can you untie me now?"

Ander studies me before he grins, "I am capable of giving you more my dear."

A blush races across my skin, "If you make me scream much more the servants will think I am being murdered."

He seems to contemplate the idea before shrugging, his face serious, "I could stuff that pretty mouth."

I gape at him, "Wh-wh-what?"

Ander laughs, "Perhaps another time." He unties me, he rubs the life back into my wrists, I hadn't even realized they had begun to chill, he studies my skin before sighing, "Was that enjoyable for you my dear?"

I laugh, surprising us both, I stare up at him and his expression is worth the slip in my mask. He strokes my cheek before leaning forward and kissing me, his mouth so gentle I know he will discover every one of my secrets, I will tell him everything if this continues. But will he understand? Will he forgive me? As he kisses me I pray, as fervently as I have ever prayed that he will be the one to save me.