So something wonky happened with ch. 9 and it got posted way down the page, hopefully you saw it while it was up. If not, do go read it before reading this one. I can only hope the same thing doesn't happen to the epilogue. 

Enjoy!

***

Epilogue

The sea was inky dark as the moon slipped beneath the clouds at her back. Kenna didn't slow, her bare feet picking over the familiar ground through the trees towards the gentle rush of the tides. A rock caught her heel and she bit her cheek to keep in the yelp. The skin of her feet had softened with the long months imprisoned in proper slippers. Kenna continued a few more cautious steps to where the trees ended and the beach stretched out before her.

She should turn back, as she should every night but never did. The dangerous restlessness in her heart claimed her once again, and she disappeared into the night like a cat winding its way through the shadows.

She wasn't foolish enough to long for him, or the ownership he had offered, but there was an irritating anticipation that would not let her rest. It would never allow her any quiet as she strove so valiantly to join the world of her sister's home. It drove her to the water's edge, though here there was no call to dive in; there was nothing waiting for her on the other side. So she stood, each night, remembering a time when the seaside held promise.

She kept many things stored deep in the recesses of her mind, only allowing herself to wallow in them during her stolen moments apart. She let her frustration and anger ebb as she walked, allowed the anxiety of her secrets to be washed away by the sound of the waves. But one thing always remained; that fearful suspense that weighed down her heart even as all the rest dissipated into the forbidden night air. And it was only here she could face it fully, to allow her thoughts to stray where they wished to go.

I will find you.

His promise sat on her shoulders, a malevolent and ever-present shadow. There had been no peace waiting for her on the other side of her reckless leap. Even after the navy had pulled her from the waters, and their carpenter had broken the chain from her limb, there had been no perfect moments of freedom, no relief in her escape. That shadow stowed away with her even as solid ground met her feet, followed her back to her sister's home where it woke her and sent her out into the night. The darkness shifted and changed from sadness to anger and back countless time, but at its core was an unyielding ache that reminded her that he was coming for her, and what was worse, she no longer feared it.

She was so sure of it, so completely convinced, that she didn't start when his arms closed around her in that dark night.

Kenna took a breath, realizing quickly this was not a more tangible fantasy but that he was truly there behind her. She could not relax into the embrace and it began to feel like a cage. She wasn't ready! Even after months of wandering through the nights, confronting the possibility of his return, she had not reconciled herself to it. A slow sigh escaped her. It was inevitable, and no amount of consideration could have prepared her for it.

Kenna closed her eyes, and for a moment she let the conflicting thoughts fade into the gentle rumble of the waves until her mind was quiet. The tension that kept her away from him loosened and her body sank back into his larger one. Her head rested against his upper chest and he dipped his head so his chin rested on her temple.

"Am I so predictable?" he asked, his voice low and soft as the velvety darkness of the humid night. It ran through her, plucking at the instrument of her affections that she had worked so long to silence. The beat of his heart against her, the hard muscles of his arms and wall of strength at her back, brought her body into song again.

"Yes," she replied. She wondered if her voice was altered after all these long months, if he could hear how she'd confined it inside her once she'd escaped. She spoke to him unmasked now, the Irish widow from her journey was gone now that Kenna was safe from her village and back in the company of her fellow Highlanders.

He increased his hold, one hand curling around her arm, stroking and encircling her limb at the same time. "If I had known how distraught you'd be without me I would have come sooner." Her shoulders relaxed without her bidding. Knots in her stomach, that had been her constant companions, loosened. Her body, as always, was ten steps ahead of her mind and this time she followed it towards him. Silent tears slipped down her cheeks, though she could not name their source. "There now," he said, bringing his hand to her cheek to wipe them away. "I might have let you be if I'd found you content without me." His thumb slid under her eyes as though tracing the dark circles that lived there.

"Don't do that," she whispered. "You and I both know you'd have taken me no matter how well you'd found me.."

His arms tightened around her. "Aye," he said softly. She knew better than to imagine there was any remorse in his voice.

The tears still came, as though she were shedding all the fear and itching anticipation that had plagued her. As though it might throw off her long shadow and she would live again. Her head sank into him and her body loosened. Relief, she realized. The waiting was over, living as though the next day would end all of what she had; it was done.

"You were right," she whispered, bearing him no ill for it. "I couldn't truly go back." Her voice caught. "I couldn't answer... or tell them... I was just-"

Roland quieted her with a sound and held her closer for a moment. "We are marked souls, Kenna. There was never any going back for us."

The moon emerged from behind the clouds and the scene around them glowed with the soft silvery light. Her tears ebbed; her time at her sister's home was over. The long torturous wait was through, but now she was back in his hands.

"Please," she said, her voice sad and low, "Don't lock me away again."

He turned her towards him, but she found she couldn't bear to look up into his face, to show him her capitulation. Her small body shook in his arms, trembling with a mixture of exhaustion and anticipation. She was scared of him still, frightened he might punish her for leaving him as he had the last time.

One of his calloused fingers pressed below her chin, tilting her head up and commanding her to meet his eyes. She did, too tired to fight, not willing to resist as she once had. The light of the moon offered no illumination of his features, blocked as it was by the brim of his hat so she stared up into the darkness there, feeling his gaze upon her. His thumb brushed across her lips.

"Will you try to run from me, Kenna?" He must have known the answer, given that she had not called out or tried to flee. But she needed to say it, to confess what she hadn't been able to tell anyone since her rescue, to relieve herself of the burden of her secrets.

She shook her head, her eyes still looking up into the shadows that shrouded his face. "I have nowhere to go. No shelter or sanctuary. You have opened me up and carved out a space inside of me that cannot be filled in your absence. I have tried, desperately, to move past all of what transpired but I..." Confession brought such sweet balm to the turbulence inside her, but the simplest words still evaded her tongue. She lowered her eyes, fresh tears peaked below her lashes, shining in her vision as the moonlight caught them. "I will not run from you."

His fingers caught her chin once more and his lips captured hers with an urgency she had not heard in his voice. They were warm and tasted of the sea. It was familiar and comforting, something she knew immediately she should resist feeling. But this was different. She had admitted it to herself, and now to him, that she was incomplete without him; there could be no fighting it. His kiss was softer than she'd expected but she still felt her claiming her again, his lips and tongue demanding. She responded, capitulating and allowing his heat to seep into her, to chase away the chill that clung stubbornly to her bones even in the heat of the southern summer. Her hands curled in his shirt, pulling her further into him as his arms pressed their bodies tightly together.

He released her lips and reached up, removing his hat so that the moon slid over his features. In the dark he looked the same as he ever had and Kenna felt a dangerous stirring deep inside her as she gazed up at him.

"Then there is no reason to lock you away." A smile crept across his face and she couldn't decide if it was cruel or mischievous. "Though I may keep you indoors for a few days once we get there." His meaning was not lost on her and a palpable shudder ran through her, making him smile wider.

Kenna took a moment to take in the enormity of her decision. She was still close enough to the settlement to be heard if she wished to, though she did not. All the hopes and ideas that had filled her head from childhood, that drove her ever onwards seeking some life that was her due, disappeared under the weight of her need to be free of them. The slow eroding grind that had begun with her mother's death, her father's arrangement with her husband, had ended here, on the shores of the New World when she finally realized she did not know what it was to be whole, or truly free.

But here, in the worst possible scenario by all accounts, she felt the first promise of peace.

She looked away from him, back towards where the knot of houses waited for her, offering her the security and prosperity that should have been her salvation. She had lived only half of what she felt there, her smiles tight, her affections folded in. Now that she was to be taken away from her nieces and nephew she longed to have just one more day with them, to smile at them and show them the love she'd kept locked inside her for fear of hurting them. It felt so foolish now.

"Kenna." There was an edge of warning in his voice and she looked back. Her hands, once bunched in his shirt, were now pressing against him, her body angling away from his embrace. She took a breath, forcing herself to relax. His eyes were hard now, the teasing gone from his face.

"Come," he said, releasing her from his arms only to wrap his hand around her arm and tug her in the opposite direction. The sensation was heartbreakingly familiar and she froze. She could not do this. For all her sister's house had eroded her spirit, this would kill it.

"Wait, Roland, please." The pleading in her voice brought him to a halt and he turned back to her. She could feel his anger rising.

"You came here, every night." The revelation that he had been watching her offered little surprise. "I saw you floating through that life as if in a dream. You cannot go back there, you said it yourself. Enough with this nonsense, Kenna." There was a hard edge to his voice, a resolute determination that this would only resolve as he saw fit.

"I know," she said, placing her palm against his chest. The grip on her arm slipped down until he took her hand, bringing her fingers to his lips. Heat pooled inside her as he placed a chaste kiss on the back of her knuckles. "But I must." The grip on her fingers tightened.

Two steps and he had her back to a sabal palm, his hand gripping her hip as the other pinned her hand above her head. "You said you would not run, Kenna, and lying does not become you." His body pressed in so she could feel the full strength of him above and around her. Her breath caught and she could not answer him. Her eyes met his and she felt her body rebel. He was too close, too intense, how could she form words when she could feel his intentions against her hip? Her back arched and she twisted in his hold; a chorus of approval from her body rang up her spine, echoing through her limbs and resonating deep in her core.

"How can you run from this, Kenna?" The hand on her hip began a torturous journey up her side. "Have you dreamt of me?" His lips came to her neck and she turned to press her jaw against his cheekbone as he devoured her. Her unrestrained hand gripped his shoulder as his roving touch found her breast. She had, every night. Her voice fled, the long absence of his touch keeping her from stopping him as she should. He bit her shoulder and her quickening breath edged into a moan. His fingers closed on her nipple and her hips pushed against his.

She should explain her request, correct his supposition that she was running or lying to him. "Roland," she managed through an ever tightening throat.

"Come now, Kenna, tell me to stop." His voice mocked her, his breath against her ear stirring the heat in belly, torment rising with it as her control slipped away. It was too much of the same, to unbearably familiar. Her body and mind's dissonance too great for the pleasure to be untainted by agony.

"Roland, please." He did not stop, and she was unsure if she had asked him to. His mouth caught hers again, robbing her of the slight resistance she'd managed. His tongue ran against hers as his body mirrored the motion. No, she must be heard. The anguish had begun with in her, the tearing of her pleasure from her will wrenching as it had ever been. It burned, deeper than the traitorous tremors and aching need. It spoke of a sorrow he could not banish with rapture. She ripped her mouth from his, the tree bringing her head to a halt with a painful thud. "Please," she cried again, distress uncolored by the clamoring in her skin for his touch.

He pulled back, his grip iron interlaced with hers against the bark, the other pinning her firmly by the hip. "Say your piece, Kenna. You know how this night will end."

She stared at him, wide eyed and panting from his attentions, seeing the frustration in his gaze despite the deep shadows left by the moon. "I will not run from you, Roland. I cannot." She felt the precariousness of her position acutely. "I am asking you to allow me one last day with my family."

"Why?"

The question surprised her. "To say goodbye," she began but she did not finish.

"And." His tone told her she had not hid her second thought well.

"To take my leave of that life of my own will," she said quietly, unable to look at him for fear of what she would see there.

"You're asking me for your choice again?" She cringed at his tone. The same desperation that had brought her to ruin in his cabin crept into her bones, sinking its icy talons into her again.

"The choice is made," she whispered. "I am asking only the favor of a day to be able to embrace those I love for the last time and I will return to this place as soon as the moon rises."

"And if you return to them and find you cannot part with their love?" He was angry. She must make him understand or she was doomed.

She placed her palm against his heart and bowed her forehead against his chest, as supplicating as she could be. "They have loved me since I stepped foot in their home and it came at too high a cost, so I did not love them back. I held my heart away, fearful that I could never be whole." She took a breath and with it reached into that desperation that tore at her from the inside. "I have confessed to you the state of my soul, Roland, and it was not easily done. Please, I'm begging you, let me have this day. Allow me to come back to you."

The silence that followed ate at her and she shut her eyes tight against the tears that threatened to break her. His grip did not change, his body held her trapped between the wall of his chest and the trunk of the palm at her back. The hand on his chest clenched into a fist until her nails bit into the skin, drawing the pain inside her to the surface. She clenched her jaw; she could not beg anymore, and she feared him more in this moment than she ever had before.

He released her fingers and his own made their way down her arm to slide against the side of her neck, curling in her hair, thumb pressing her jaw until she raised her eyes to his. What she found there reached deep into her own discord and drew its claws against the strings still humming with joyous resonance.

"Say it, Kenna." It was not a request, it was a price she would pay now, for all that she would cost him tomorrow.

Her hand still against him, she straightened and met his gaze. Knowing and speaking it were different things but to harmonize the ever warring pieces of herself she would have to do both. It took every bit of strength she could find within her to say it, to allow the confession out of the carefully guarded place she'd locked it when it had first appeared, to bring it to full, blinding light in the open where it would never be denied again.

"I'm yours."

It hurt to say it but he seized her mouth again in a kiss that demanded she forget the pain. There was agony in her capitulation; there was no way to strip herself of all that she once held dear and not feel it acutely. But Roland took that anguish and twisted it around his tongue and fed it back to her as something much more intoxicating.

He broke their kiss. "Say it again," he said, the satisfaction barely masked by the arousal in his voice.

"I'm yours." Such small words for so enormous a declaration. Even as her heart settled, her mind fought the idea. She would have time enough to consider it, later, far from this strange limbo between land and sea where the man before her promised to break down every last defense she could mount. The fight no longer flowed in her veins as ballads of fallen heroes once had; it sang a different song now, one she had not fully learned.

The way she moved against him as he kissed her threatened to undermine her request and so she pulled away. "I will return with moonrise."

Roland did not smile but his face was no longer as severe. He stepped back, allowing her space to move away from the tree. The empty air where he had been felt disharmonious as she moved with no obstacle blocking her way. Comfort demanded she give up this mission to assert herself now that he had relented, the wealth of despair waiting for her in that house a powerful deterrent in its own right. Only one day more, to give them what was owed in some small way.

She waited a moment more to see if he would speak, giving him that extra moment he always demanded. When he lifted his hand, gesturing for her to go, she turned back into the darkness trees. She didn't hear his footsteps behind her, or the whispers of his clothing as she neared the house. Though as she turned once more, back to the brightening sky above the sea, she could make out the sound of someone whistling Early One Morning in the heavy southern air.

It would follow her that day, as she roused the children, giving the shocked nanny a much deserved morning meal on her own. It came in through the windows as she told them her mother's fairy tales and sang their favorite songs. Perhaps she imagined it as they made their way into town, that soft whistle only in her own ears, reminding her of her promise. Instead of sinister she found the song gave her strength whenever she faltered during the day and soon she was humming it whenever the urge to flee from them became too strong.

She taught the children to warble like chickens, and convince even the most experienced groom a mule had gotten loose by braying behind the stables. She sang them the songs she could not have managed before today, brought them smiles and tears with alternating notes. Her sister smiled at the memories and poems she recited from back home and Kenna embraced her with the gratitude no longer locked at bay by her fear of exposure. It wasn't until afternoon, when the children had gone to rest, that she found herself alone in her drawing room, gazing out the window towards the hidden shore beyond the trees.
"You've either chosen to begin your days with whiskey..." Her sister's voice brought her back to the room. "...or something has happened to free you from the melancholy you've been in since your return."

Kenna smiled, the motion easier than it had been in years. "Indeed, dear sister, it seems a touch of spirits was all I needed. If only the doctors had considered that a year ago."

"Normally I would insist you refrain from drunkenness around the children, but they do enjoy a tavern ditty now and again." Fiona gave her a sly smile. "Though father's favorite might be a touch crude for their ears."

Kenna swept an imaginary lock of hair from her face in mock indignation, a gesture Fiona would recognize from their mother's repertoire. "I do think Hamish is old enough to be educated on the exact mechanisms of sex acts performed in unassuming barns at the crossroads."

Fiona laughed, her own rich voice lower than Kenna's. "You should sing to them more often," Fiona said cautiously.

Kenna's eyes went back to the window unbidden. "You should as well. Rhona and Margaret both have a talent for it, and Hamish would make a great accompaniment if he could learn to pitch his moo's." She stilled her fingers from twining. Her sister may not have probed too deeply into her state when she withdrew from them but she still knew her tells, and Kenna could feel that Fiona would not be put off by small jokes now. "Hamish is named for Alastair's grandfather?"

Fiona smiled quietly. "As far as anyone else is concerned, yes."

Kenna turned to see her sister's revealing smile. She had suspected as much. "You named him for the son in The Highland Widow, whose mother caused his death by insisting he revive his father's way of life." Fiona had never been as drawn to the theater of her mother's talents, but some of it had indeed made an impression. "You do not lack in dramatic irony, Fiona. One might think you were more a player than mother was."

Fiona only widened her smile. "I thought it was not inappropriate to give Hamish a chance to thrive in the Americas as his namesake never succeeded in making the journey."

Kenna looked back out the window. "Mother would approve, despite the open hostility towards her intentions for us. She would have loved that you chose a name from a story instead of picking one at random off a tombstone."

"Mother was little better than Elspat of the story. Had she lived she would have dragged us back to a place we had no claim over any longer. Even father knew she was wrong."

"Yes," Kenna conceded quietly, no match for Fiona in her current state. To think they used to quarrel so bitterly. "But without her ideals—"

"Fantasies."

"—You are left with father, and the complete destruction of hope through acceptance of crushing defeat." Kenna crossed her arms despite the heat. "She balanced him in some odd way, keeping him engaged in their cause even if he had given it up."

Never one for sentiment, Fiona decided their parents were no longer worth topics of conversation. "I'm glad you are here now, Kenna. It is just as well that you escaped that world as well."

"Yes," Kenna agreed again, though it did not feel like an escape. "Do you feel as though we have succeeded, in some backwards way, to live up to the standards mother wanted for us? That this place is where we will build some semblance of the life she told us we should have had?"

Fiona made a very unladylike sound. "This is a new world, where days without meat are unthinkable, where there is boundless land and we can be anything. Alastair brought us here to raise sheep and now he is exporting indigo as fast as they can grow it." Kenna didn't turn back to see her sister's expression as it was easy to picture before her—Fiona's perfect combination of excitement, disdain, and mischief. Kenna had never been able to get it quite right, and it always preceded something shocking and crude. "And Highlanders be damned, we might be proud but that doesn't make us foolish. My children will hear tales, but the life she wanted for us, Lairds and Ladies of our people? That's long lost."

"So her dreams died with her," Kenna

"Her dreams died long before she did."

Kenna cringed but she finally moved to sit opposite her sister. "Without her lessons I would have believed as father did, that we were doomed to whatever fate saw fit to do to us. Do you not feel as though she offered us some amount of courage in all her...fantasies?"

Fiona gave Kenna an appraising look before nodding once and looking off. "I suppose I can grant that her stories did provide aspiration." Kenna studied her sister's face as she considered the issue. There was a subtle softening in her jaw and the purse of her lips before she sighed. "Yes. She was more than just a peddler of lost causes."

Kenna smiled to herself; a small crack in years of resentment was more than she'd ever managed before. Savoring the victory would have to wait as Fiona turned back to her and pinned her in place with a searching look. "You've barely said three words together about our parents in the past year. Why now?"

Kenna shrugged, putting on her least assuming face. "Perhaps singing to the children brought them to mind." She saw Fiona's suspicion fade but the calculating look was still there.

"Are you ready to speak to me of what happened after we left?" Fiona was anything if not candid, even when she was trying to be gentle about it by not mentioning the scars directly.

Kenna brought tears to sting her eyes. "Not yet," she whispered.

"Sweetness." Fiona sounded so much like their mother it almost hurt.

"Don't let Margaret get away with pinching the others anymore." Kenna interrupted, unwilling to play the part it would take to deter her sister anymore. "And Hamish should mind his letters or no one will be able to read a thing he puts to paper."

"Alright, Kenna." She could hear it in her sister's voice, the resolve to wait for another moment to ask again. But the woman who poisoned her husband and stabbed a pirate, who sang on the high seas and discovered rapture at the hands of her captor, that woman and her scars would not face those questions again.

"You'll excuse me," Kenna said, gathering the dark folds of her skirt. "I have a letter to finish."

"Of course," Fiona said. Kenna felt her sister's eyes on her as she retreated to the door.

Kenna used the same excuse after the evening meal, allowing her a swift withdrawal from their delicate probing into her change of spirits. Alone, she found her heart full but without sorrow. She finished the letter as evening gave way to night, placing the unsealed pages beneath the cover of her favorite collection of Scottish lore, to which she had added dozens of tales of her own over the last year.

She was careful in her wording, she thought, as she took the simple calico dress from the trunk under her bed. Her sister would not know it had been intended for her, as it was addressed to an invented friend back in Ireland. Her description of her sister's household would no doubt bring them joy. The confession of Kenna's inability to find that happiness would trouble Fiona, but the letter laid forth steps she would take in the coming months to find contentment again, so as to deter the idea that Kenna might have taken her own life when they found her bed empty in the morning.

Kenna unfolded the dress and smiled at the slightly faded fabric. The Navy's captain had been so flummoxed by Kenna's state when she was first rescued it was hard to imagine the man capable of commanding a vessel full of men. One of his Lieutenants saved him by offering a dress he had procured for his daughter. It was the only dress she owned that was not black and for that Kenna was once again grateful to the man. Perhaps it was not the wisest choice for stealth, but it meant that all of her clothing would be accounted for upon their discovering her disappearance.

She did not want to pain them, but she could not tell them she was leaving. Implying suicide would cause them deep anguish, and worse, shame in the eyes of all the others. No, it would have to remain a mystery to them, she thought as she opened her window, leaving the curtains drawn aside to admit the silvery light of the rising moon.

The household stood silent and dark at her back as she slipped into the night, following the low hum of the song that had danced in her head all day. His hands caught her before she saw his form, and his crushing kiss stole her breath before she could catch it. Once again her back found the smooth bark of the sabal palm but this time her hands joined in as she reacquainted herself with his body. He hoisted her into his arms, skirts rucked up around her hips by his impatient hands.

"Roland," she gasped as he pressed his steel hard erection to her unprotected core. "This is hardly the place."

He let loose a small growl that melted in her stomach, the heat of it spreading through her body. "You will not deny me this, Kenna." His eyes pinned her in place as deftly as his hands had.

She recognized the relief in his gaze and she smiled back. "Did you dream of me?" she teased him gently.

He managed to loosen his belt even with her legs clasped around his waist. "Only when I slept."

"Not night and day? I did not steal your every thought--" He swallowed the rest of her pert response, tongue and cock invading her at the same time as she clung to him. Her body met the near painful stretch as he seated himself inside her with rejoicing, an intoxicating mix pleasure and pain running through her. She demanded only more as he began to thrust into her, their surroundings forgotten as she felt the intensity of his assault in the tingling of her fingertips, the creeping sensation winding up her spine. His kiss made her dizzy; breathlessness became overwhelming. There was no warning when the pleasure hit her. She coiled around him as he muffled her calls with his claiming kiss.

He stilled, releasing her mouth to allow the deep inhales she took to keep from losing her senses. He waited for her to come back, pressing himself deeply inside her and holding them there. When her eyes finally focused she saw his smile before she realized he was returning her own. He began again, a slow torturous pace against her overly sensitive core. She bit her lip as he bottomed out, grinding against her and causing waves of pleasure as he brought her back to full shattering need. Her eyes rolled back and closed, she rested her head against the trunk, allowing him to devour her neck even as he kept up his measured strokes into her wet channel.

Frustration rose as her body clamored for more of him, to feel him as intensely as she craved. Her eyes opened and found his fixed on her, and she understood what he wanted. There was no pride to keep her safe, no resistance to tighten her jaw and maintain her silence. He held a promise to her in that gaze, one that did not offer her ruin as he had in the past. All she need do was beg.

She took up his challenge and set about breaking his control as quickly as he had her own. "Please, Roland." she offered into the distance between them. "Please, I'm yours, take me."

There was no time to bask in her success. He unleashed himself, and Kenna knew what it was to be consumed by another. There was no small part of her she could keep apart, no refuge of pain and fear to tether her to her own story. Her body sang an echoing cry her mind could not deter. Perfect resonance overtook her as the clash of their bodies reached crescendo. She took his face in her hands and swallowed the sounds of their climax in the riot of their lips meeting.

That night, as the hooves of his horse beat the sandy road towards the bay, Kenna rested against him, secured by one great arm allowing her legs to hang over the same side of his saddle. He still had not told her where they were going, not that it mattered. For once the lack of expectations soothed her and uncertainty was of little concern while he held her. A year of sleepless nights spent prowling the shore, together with his steady grip, conspired against her, and at last Kenna closed her eyes and slept.

***

So this is truly the end. I really hope you guys enjoyed it. Please do comment and let me know what worked and what didn't. I'm planning rewrites so any suggestions you have may affect the final story. Again, any updates on the future of this and Revenge will be on my biopage or in the newsletter. I look forward to hearing what you guys think!

Special thanks to AwkwardMD for her editing and beta help. It's thanks to her that this epilogue is about 5x longer than my original plan...also a bit more hopeful than what I was going to leave you guys with. 

Thanks for reading!