Hello wonderful people. I fear it is that time of year again, that dreaded march towards the end of the semester, which can mean only one thing...finals. 

More from me at the end, with some footnotes. 

Enjoy!

***

She was singing again. He paused outside the door, listening to the rise and fall of the clear notes. The melody was lovely though the words were muddled by the barriers between them. Most of her songs were unfamiliar, Irish folk songs that no sailor bothered learning, full of sad tales of love and loss instead of the bawdy ditties they swung pints to in the mess.

Her voice rose as she reached the climax of the song and he used the opportunity to slip through the door unnoticed. She was tucked away in her little storage space as always, hiding from him. The song ebbed as she rolled through the tragic end, another lover lost, another dream shattered. The cabin grew quiet and he thought she might have felt his presence. He placed the meals on the table and waited.

The day had been trying. The repairs had been progressing slowly, the rudder was still drifting to starboard and the third gun port was in shambles. Normally Roland would take meals with the watches in order to stay close to the men. They'd elected the dimwitted boatswain to quartermaster and Roland knew it meant he would now effectively be doing both jobs. And there was more than enough work for two men. The crew was unsettled between the attack on an English ship for some idiotic revenge plot, the loss of the captain who'd convinced them to undertake it, a magical passenger, as well as the inevitable pursuit by the British Navy. It was enough to chafe even the most stout-hearted of the men. The work was keeping them busy but, ultimately, too focused on the problems at hand. He needed something to ease their minds a bit.

A week had passed since that foolhardy attack on Kenna's ship, a week he had spent trying to hold the fractured crew together despite the difficulties that idiot Dougray had left for him. But tonight he wanted to sit down, eat with his girl, and peel back another layer of her silence. While the men were a constant source of work, Kenna was a delight to spar with, and he was looking forward to the fight.

She was a puzzle, and one he very much enjoyed solving. Especially when she resisted it so.

He heard her shift in her crawl space and he looked to the shadows there. Two bright green eyes looked back at him. She shifted her gaze to the table and he could tell she was confused by the number of plates, but quiet resignation followed it and she turned to climb down into the cabin proper. He didn't move to help her this time, enjoying the way her pale white leg stretched down, toes spread as she searched for a foot hold. The tattered shirt rode up over the swell of her buttocks and he had a stunning view of the smooth orbs as she strained to lower herself to the floor. She tugged the shirt back down as soon as her hands were free and she turned back to him.

He stared back at her, meeting her gaze with his own. He saw the flicker of uncertainty that seemed more and more obvious every time he entered the room. She was coming along nicely, passionate little thing that she was. It was not surprising that he saw her unconsciously twine her fingers in one blood red lock of hair that hung down over her shoulders, her lips parting in the most delicious way. She was aroused by the sight of him. The beast inside him purred contentedly.

"Come, Kenna." She did not move immediately, and her defiance made his cock harden. Slowly she unfolded herself from the wall, moving with an unstudied grace he found endearing. He motioned for her to sit in a chair as he set out the food before them.

She eyed him suspiciously, noting every change in his behavior with apprehension. He sat down and leveled his gaze at her. Her jaw clenched and he could see how unhappy she was at the idea of dining with him, but given that he was her only source of food—no sailor on board being willing to come close to the siren locked away in the cabin—she had little choice but to comply. He found the arrangement worked for him rather well.

When she settled stiffly across from him he pushed a plate in front of her, never taking his eyes from her face. "Please," he said, gesturing for her to begin. She hesitated again, her eyes darting towards him and then back at the food before her. Before long she grasped the spoon in her hand and began to eat. He saw the way her left hand moved towards the spoon first until she pulled it back below the table. Her hunger had cracked the training she'd clearly had to use only her right hand.

They ate in silence, though not an entirely uncomfortable one.

When she was done he gathered the plates and put them back in the bag, leaving it by the door for the next day and he turned back to her, her sharp eyes fixed on him as she considered his movements. Roland held back a smile. She was perfect, just enough of a challenge to keep him from complacency.

"Sing something for me, Kenna," he said.

She took a few moments before he saw her come to a decision. "What would you like to hear?"

He gave her a small smile for her compliance. "Something from home," he said, settling back in his seat. "Do you know Early One Morning?"

Kenna nodded slightly, considering him before turning her gaze downwards. When she started the song he felt his cock swell again, her voice clear like a bell and precise without the frills some of the more showy singers might use. There was a wonderful mix of frailty and strength in the sound of it, one that reflected the woman behind it.

He'd chosen an English song to confirm a suspicion he had, that Kenna was a consummate storyteller. There was a quality in her singing that he understood was not simple talent. She was a natural to be sure, but she'd been taught how to change her voice, her lilt, and accent to fit what she was telling. The song was a simple one so he could hear how she imitated the proper English cadence. She was good, not perfect but very proficient. When she finished she turned her gaze back towards him. He considered her for a moment; the stiff way she held her back, the flash of defiance in her eyes and he decided, rather impulsively, that she needed to be loosened up further.

He got up slowly and made his way around the table, enjoying the tremor that ran through her as he approached. "How did you come by that accent? I'd always thought the Irish could never lose their garble." Her lips tightened further as he came to stand before her, the only sign the insult had meant anything to her.

Her back seemed to straighten further as he came behind her. The crook of his finger saw her long hair over her shoulder and her neck bare to his fingertips. He could see her quickening breath under the delicate skin of her throat. He leaned down and pressed the softest of kisses there.

"I asked you a question." He spoke directly into her ear and he felt her flinch. Instead of giving her a moment to recover he kissed her again behind the ear and then just below that, feeling the pulse in her neck as her heart raced.

"I grew up in a port town hearing all manner of people," Kenna said quietly, her breathing studiously controlled as she tried desperately to compose herself. Roland smiled and reached for her, drew her to standing and settled her bottom on the table, pushing her legs open so he could stand between them.

Her face was turned up towards his, her lips parted as her breath slipped out in small pants. The green in her eyes gave way as the dark centers expanded. He ran his fingers over her cheek and down her jawline, feeling the fluttering pulse as he continued down her neck. He dipped his head, bringing his face close to hers, and paused, watching as her body tensed and leaned towards him. He gloated internally but did not show it, knowing it would drive her away from him.

"Is that all? No storytellers in your family teaching you tricks for how to change your speaking style?" Roland watched as the questions hit their target. She was wary, not just of him and his proximity, but his questions and speaking of her past. He watched as a practiced blandness crossed her face, her expression almost pleasant.

"My mother taught me to sing and tell tales. I suppose I just have an ear for the way others speak." A good lie, and someone further away and less suspicious than Roland would have missed it. But he had seen her unmasked and the pretense was obvious to him.

Roland leaned in and kissed her softly, keeping her in place with two fingers beneath her chin. She held herself stiff for a long moment before he felt her lips change, not returning it but lessening her resistance. He ended the kiss but remained very close to her so she could feel his breath against her cheek as he spoke. "You are a very good liar, Kenna." She stiffened immediately, pulling away so he could see the fear in her green eyes.

It pleased him that she didn't immediately insist on the lie as most would have. He watched as her clever gaze swept over his face and she came to the conclusion that whatever techniques she'd been employing up until this moment would not work with him. She'd try something novel then, and he'd enjoy discovering and ferreting that out as well.

"Tell me another story then." He slid his fingers down her neck. "The Changeling of Saint Ann." Roland continued to run his fingers across her skin, distracting her, but to an end that wasn't only his pleasure, though that was certainly part of it. His fingers traveled across her breast bone, pushing at the neckline of the shirt.

Kenna pulled away again, but he had trapped her legs against the edge and the movement only served to force her to lean back over the table and occupy one hand with supporting herself. The other came up to push at his chest. "I cannot tell a tale with an audience such as this." Her protest was half-hearted. She knew as well as he did that he would not back away.

"Tonight you begin a new kind of storytelling, Kenna." Roland smoothed his palm against the flat plane of her breastbone and slipped his fingers under the neckline of her shirt. "Something a bit more challenging for you." His hand slid over her breast and he felt the hardness of her nipple press against his palm. "Let's see how you do with distraction."

Kenna's eyes burned with her quiet simmering anger. "This is ridiculous." She moved to grab his wrist and remove his touch with her left hand. He caught her hand and forced it back to the table as the hand in her shirt continued undeterred. The movement put him very close to her, leaning over her body as he pinned her hand to the wood. He felt her legs shake as he pressed his body between them, forcing greater contact.

"I made a simple request, Kenna." Roland betrayed none of his arousal in his voice, but the hard bulge that pressed against her was evidence enough. "Tell me a story."

She fumed. "A story is not just words to be spoken aloud. It is a living thing, a dance between the teller and those being told. I cannot simply speak a story if those that listen have so little interest in the tale that is to be told." It was impressive how she held her voice steady despite the tremors he could feel in her body. Everytime he mastered her he thought she would bend more easily the next time. And yet she persisted in challenging him with the precious few defenses she had available to her. It made his cock throb, and he found the impulse to plunge into her and fill her mouth with nothing but cries of pleasure difficult to resist.

He released her and stepped back, allowing her to sit up straight again. She moved to close her legs and he stopped her with his fingertips on the inside of her knees. "Very well, Kenna," he said in his most conciliatory tone. "You will begin your story, and if you can keep me enthralled, I will not be forced to find other means of entertainment." He settled himself back in the chair she had used, positioning himself in full view of her spread legs and pink slit. His eyes meandered up to her face, letting her know she would have to work for it.

"Will you leave me in peace tonight if I manage to sufficiently entertain you?"

His lips twitched at her dogged attempts to fend him off. "We shall see." He promised nothing.

She narrowed her eyes at him, but what choice did she really have? He settled back, comfortable and menacing all at once. Kenna clenched her jaw and for a moment he thought her anger might get the better of her, but instead she closed her eyes and took a breath.

The change that came over her was almost preternatural. Her posture softened and yet she seemed to grow taller. The harsh corners of her jaw melted away and her brow relaxed; her eyelids rested softly against each other, as if the tension that had closed them was gone. And her lips, usually held firm and tight, released their anger and were at once soft and pink and so inviting. She took another deep breath and her form swayed so gently he almost didn't notice the movement. That she could compose herself so completely after he had positioned her so vulnerably was not lost on him. He had been correct in his initial assessment of her, this woman was stronger than she looked.

When she began her voice was lower, husky and the lilt of her Irish accent replaced with the burr of a Scott.

"There was a couple who lived in St. Ann who longed for a child. The man, named Yanno, worked as a miller in the village. His wife, Anwara, would weave at home but had grown despondent as she remained barren. In the green rains that followed the winter she finally found herself with child, and through her the joy of all the earth sprung up in their household. She was the sun and moon, radiant and more beautiful with every passing day and Yanno spoiled her, bringing her honey he had tracked himself throughout the dark woods that surrounded their tiny village. 

"And the child was born under a full moon, her first cry was a laugh and her parents love threatened the foundations of their home with bursting, such was the happiness of Yanno and Anwara."

Roland did not notice that he leaned forward as she spoke, or that the last sentence had been subtly infused with tension he felt in his spine. He continued to gaze up at her closed eyes, watching her face glow, her smile that of Anwara, the joy in her voice singing through the lines of her tale.

"But such joy does attract the attention of others and the woods stirred with the news of the babe who had brought the light of creation itself into that dark, silvery night. In the moor the fairy-folk heard the child's laughter and wanted it for themselves.

"That very night, as the beautiful dark-haired parents slept in their peaceful quiet, their child tucked next to their bed in its cradle, those terrible fae snuck into the cottage and stole their joy away."

The sadness was palpable and Kenna's shoulders slumped as if under the weight of the news she imparted on him. Her face grew regretful, as though she were entering the small room to inform the new parents of their loss herself.

"The thing left in their cradle began to cry as soon as the babe was disappeared back to the moor with the rest of the fairy-folk. The sound was so horrible that Anwara and Yanno were ripped from sleep as if by force. It would not calm at Anwara's breast, or in Yanno's large hands. It screamed and raged until the walls shook with the force of its voice.

"Years passed, Anwara did not smile anymore, and Yanno found no more honey. The small house was quiet, as though waiting for someone to come along and save them from the melancholy. Their daughter, the changeling, was forever escaping to the moor, disappearing into the wildness no other villager would dare risk. It tormented Anwara, mocked Yanno, and caused all sorts of mischief in the village. Once the goat gave black milk after Yanno beat the girl for running off. The children found all manners of wildlife in their beds when they mocked the freaky-odd child whose long fingers seemed to creep like spiders as she worked the loom."

Kenna did not spare the changeling her anger at the stolen babe. She spoke of it as though it had done the taking itself. Roland might have noticed her condemnation of the kidnapping but he found himself caught up in the tale again as her voice increased in urgency.

"In high summer the girl was caught singing to the cow whose calves had all died and the villagers were done with her oddness, her cackling voice and strange ways. They came at her with stones and iron and the changeling shrank from them, her fear entering the air as an icy wind on that summer's day. Yanno and Anwara arrived, witnessing the thing that had pretended to be their daughter cower from the smell of iron and the rocks brandished by the children it had tormented.

"'Mama,' the thing called out in its sweetest voice. Anwara stepped forward, her heart breaking at the sound of her child's distress. 

"But Yanno stopped her, and held her close. 'It is not our child, sweetness,' he said to his wife. 'It was never our child."

Roland was startled to realize he had been completely focused on the story. The father's words, spoke with such sweet compassion towards his wife, and no thought to the child cowering from the mob, had cut through the spell of the story and Roland focused again on the woman before him. Kenna's eyes were still closed and she continued. Her body still swayed and breathed with the story as if it moved through her instead of being born on her lips. Now more aware of her skill, Roland forcibly analyzed her technique, understanding how her slight variations in tone and inflection could make the listener sympathetic to the creature or her parents but not both. And Kenna had chosen to pity the couple. 

The mob was closing in on the unfortunate creature when he slid his hand up her smooth thigh. Kenna's voice faltered for the first time and for a moment it seemed like she might not continue, but Kenna wasn't one to simply give up. He brought his lips to her collarbone as the little fae girl changed color and tried to run from them. He pushed gently on her shoulder, guiding her to lie flat on the table as the changeling screamed and disappeared. Kenna's voice changed and tightened as he began to stroke her skin, the story losing the life she'd given it as it became simple words again.

He began to work his way down her body, kissing a straight line from the dip at the base of her neck, down her breastbone, moving the shirt over her soft breasts so they were available to his roving hands. The softness of her skin pleased him, the unblemished smoothness belied what he knew he would find on her back. Her muscles jumped as he pressed soft kisses under her rib cage, and she inhaled sharply as if to pull her skin away. He continued to kiss down her stomach, relishing when her story floundered again as his tongue slipped over the skin below her naval.

When he kissed her mound, the story stopped, her breath caught in her throat.

"Come now, Kenna," he mocked her. "You cannot leave your audience without an ending."

She said nothing but he felt her tense under his fingers. A deep intake of breath gave away her attempt to return to the story. Roland grinned and slipped his tongue against her pink flesh just as she began to speak. The words were lost in a gasp of surprise. He ran his tongue along the smooth side of her puffy lips, tasting her, feeling her body arching towards him instead of shying away. Victory was almost as sweet as her pussy. His tongue circled her clit and she gasped again, her hips jumping at the unfamiliar feeling. A few more teasing strokes from his tongue and she was pressing into him, her hands clutching at the wood beneath her.
Roland smiled to himself, debating whether to leave his task to tease her again, when she picked up the thread of her tale.

"Where the changeling had been, there now sat a small child. Her black hair curled softly behind her ears in a perfect imitation of Anwara's and she gazed up at Yanno with eyes as blue as his own." Her voice grew strained as Roland began to work his tongue and lips against her in earnest. He shifted her legs over his shoulders so he could feel every push and pull of her muscles as she reacted to his touch. The cry that left her lips as he worked his tongue against the hard nub of her clit made his cock throb.

"The villagers looked shocked but the child reached for her mother and opened her mouth to laugh, filling the space--" Kenna's breath picked up, the words became harder to understand. "--with the joy that had been stolen from them all..." She trailed off, her body twisting even as Roland pinned her hips to the table, feasting on her in earnest as he felt her muscles tense below his relentless tongue. Her entire body arched, her hips pressing against him and he felt the tremors of her orgasm rip through her body. He tasted the flow from her clenching channel and decided to claim his prize.

He stood up, towering over the table as Kenna lay there, stunned to stillness. He was on her quickly, plunging into her waiting cunt, groaning as the tight channel gripped his length. He leaned over so he could bury himself deeper and watch her face as she came apart for him again.

Her wide green eyes met his, the dreaminess from her peak vanishing as she focused on him. Her expression lacked the defeat he felt he was due, and instead her gaze grew recalcitrant. She took a breath even as he increased his pace. But while she tempered her responses, he still felt her tighten around him.

"It was that day in Saint Ann when the..." She gasped as he pounded her into the table, her pussy clamping down on his cock.  "...child laughed for the second time..." Her shoulders rolled back, her back arching off the table as her body tensed under his assault. "...that joy returned from the moor, and the creature who took its place..." She cried out as he reached down to rub her clit but she would not give in. Her legs wrapped around his bottom, pulling him into her with every stroke and still she fought him. "...was never--" 

His mouth came down on hers, cutting off the story. It was an admission of his own, that he'd been unable to deter her from finishing what she'd begun, just as she had failed to keep him occupied with her tale. It was an unfair tactic, but that had never troubled him before. This however, this kiss, was beneath him, and yet he relished it. Her tongue caressed his, her lips still soft from her story forgot to try and shut him out. Her body pressed against his, her control finally shattered and she clung to him.

His thrusts become more forceful, and the table rocked beneath them. This was the moment he enjoyed the most, when her resistance was overwhelmed and all that was left was softness he could plunder. Kenna called out as her sweet body shook, wracked with tremors as pleasure overwhelmed her again. He drank in her sounds, her pink lips and inexperienced kisses as if she had offered them up to him. When he felt his own climax approaching, climbing up his spine and spreading through his groin, he pulled away from that tempting mouth of hers, watching the peace that came over her face as she came down from her peak. He chased his own, joining her in a chorus of deep inhales after the waves had passed.

Kenna laid awake that night, his arm like a lead weight over her waist holding her against him. She'd failed to keep him preoccupied with her story, though she'd calculated it so precisely to him. And what was more he had waited till the end, to mock her and make her think she had a chance to weave her spell over him. But that couldn't be so. She had had him, had felt his attention on her as she told the tale. Had she lost him at some point? Misjudged his attention to the drama? Perhaps he'd felt her judgement of the kidnapping fae and seen it as a reflection back on his actions. It had been unintended but she could not disguise it entirely.

She shook her head in frustration but stilled when he stirred. She did not want to wake him again. The last time she had disturbed his sleep she had been punished in a way that still confused her. How he could make such wonderful sensations into torture baffled her still. She quieted, trying to relax into sleep but found herself turning the story over and over in her head, trying to find where she'd gone wrong.

***

"What do you mean, entertain them?" she looked at him aghast.

"Is that a difficult order to understand?" The look on his face when he said 'order' made her blood boil, all the more so because it told her he knew it would have precisely that effect.

"You want me, the siren who murdered their captain, to march up onto the deck in a tattered men's shirt, and sing them a song?" She crossed her arms and glared back at him. "You do recall what siren's songs do to sailors, do you not?"

His eyes ran slowly over her body, inching down and then back up. The slow perusal made her flush with shame, and something else she dared not dwell upon. "I suppose a change of costume is in order," he said with a smirk. "But I should be clear that you are going up there as Mrs. Kenna Bell, human woman. This nonsense about sirens should be laid to rest."

She glared at him to cover her surprise. From what she had assumed he was using the story from the previous captain to keep his position on the ship. Why would he give up that point of power? But perhaps the illusion costs more than he might gain. After all, a terrified crew is not as efficient as one who believes all is well. Which leads again to her part in all this, distracting and entertaining the men.

"Why now?" she asked, watching his implacable face for any sign that there was something more going on.

Roland did not crack. "You will do it because I told you to." He stepped very close to her, daring her to move away. She did not and he made his point simply by towering over her. "No one lives on this ship without playing their part. You have a gift to share, and so you shall." She did not meet his eye but she clenched her jaw as if to say she would do nothing of the sort. But what could she do? What would refusal mean? He had not beaten her, not yet, but she knew him capable of violence. There was always a chance he had simply chosen not to employ it yet.

And it would mean leaving this room, getting the accursed rope off her ankle. Of course she would do it, just for the chance of breathing fresh air for a moment. It was not lost on her that the same desire had been what brought her on deck with Captain Jenkins just before the attack. But the heavy air of the cabin, steeped as it was in his presence and deeds, was punishment in and of itself.

She nodded and he brought his hand to her chin causing her to flinch and take a tiny step back before she managed to control herself. He brought his face towards her, his lips so close they were almost on hers. She trembled and immediately hated herself for it. "That is very wise, Kenna," he said in a soft voice. And he brushed his lips against hers too lightly to warrant a response or a rejection from hers. Her hatred shifted back to its rightful place and she cursed his games silently.

He smiled as if he knew her mind and he handed her a set of men's clothing. Her jaw tightened again. Roland simply turned and left, leaving her holding the bundle, none the wiser as to when he would deem her services necessary. She recognized the clothing as a uniform from her ship, possibly from spares taken with the rest of the plunder. Kenna felt a stab of guilt. She had been so concerned with her own fate she hadn't thought for a moment about the people left alive on that ship. And poor Agnes, who had heard the whole bloody affair, who had rescued her from that cramped trunk? Kenna sat down on the berth clutching the clothing to her chest, suddenly overwhelmed with thoughts of that day and imagining only the worst possible outcomes for her former companions.

Hours later Roland came to collect her, undoing the knot at her ankle with an ease that did nothing to quell the anger bubbling inside her. She struggled into the venetians-- despairing at leaving her calves and ankles bare. But how could this possibly get any worse? At least she had clothing to cover herself at last. He graciously provided her with a length of rope to secure the overly large breeches and she snatched it so as not to touch his hand. She noted that some of her anger was due to her heart racing at the prospect of facing the crew of pirates, some of whom likely thought she was a siren best pushed into the sea. And he wanted her to entertain them. The notion seemed even more ludicrous now that she'd had time to ruminate on the topic. And what was fresh air when it meant facing a bunch of killers and singing for her supper?

Everything felt sinister again, the man at her back, the ones waiting for her beyond the door, the open deck full of railings to toss her from. She had no say, no tools to bend the situation away from what now seemed to be obviously heading towards disaster. The lack of control was not unfamiliar, but not knowing ate at her. The more she thought about it the more it seemed that these may well be her last moments, and she would spend them with that insufferable man behind her. But there was no way to know, no one to ask.

Roland came up and she leapt away from him, spinning and holding her hands up to ward him off. It was instinctual rather than logical, but she saw his face grow dark.

"Come, Kenna, enough of this." Her fear annoyed him, she knew that. But when she took his hand she felt slightly more in control of herself. What was wrong with her? One moment she was angry, the next terrified. Why was she always being buffeted from side to side while he stood there, tall and magnificent, never blinking when he did not intend to.

She followed him up onto the main deck, her eyes focused on the way his large hand had wrapped itself completely around her fingers so that she saw only the smallest slivers of white skin between his tanned grip. She closed her eyes and breathed in the air, more grateful for that lungful than any that had come before it.

The sky was deeply blue and hurt her eyes when she looked up at it through the billowing sails. The sun warmed her skin and she took another sweet breath of the salty air. She let Roland pull her towards the quarter deck, focusing back on his hand to avoid looking about at the men she could hear around them.

When Roland released her hand she felt unsteady. He stepped away from her to address the men gathered around on the main deck below, or hanging along the gunwales. She swayed a bit, her stomach taking an unexpected plunge as she saw the faces of the men who had terrorized her ship, and she was to sing to them, all because of that man. Her eyes went to Roland's broad back. That man, who had tossed her at the former captain like she was nothing more than a handkerchief to be used and discarded. Who had dragged her back to his own ship and used her to secure his position, one he was solidifying by pushing her in front of a crowd of murdering pirates in order to entertain them to distraction.

The men hooted and cheered at something Roland was saying, but Kenna found she couldn't focus on his words. She was consumed with rage towards him, he who used her, raped her and defiled her body, and who made her like it. He dismissed it so casually, taking her as if she were worth no more consideration than a trinket he had taken a shine to. And now he'd found a new way to play with his toy. She tightened her jaw as if she might lock it closed from him, keep her voice from his twisted games, save her dignity with her silence.

When he turned to her she did not mask her fury and she saw his eyes narrow at the sight of her tight lips and fiery glare.

"Come, Mrs. Bell," he said, the warning in his voice obvious only to her. She considered defying him; her anger told her to do just that. But the thought occurred to her that she could do something worse. He might not be susceptible to her skill as a storyteller, but the crew were simpler men, and could be swayed more easily. The decision took only a fraction of a moment but her anger purred in response when she made it.

Kenna stepped to the rail and she ran her eyes over the gathered crew. Some were quiet and wary, others grinned at her inappropriate dress and tousled hair. She looked over at Roland's stormy face and she opened her mouth to sing.

"Oh, there was a lofty ship, and she put out to sea

And the name of that ship was the Golden Vanity

As she sailed upon the low, and the lonesome low

As she sailed upon the lonesome sea"

Roland grew cold as she sang. He knew at once that she was fully aware of what she was doing, and he had foolishly underestimated her. She'd chosen a song about a conniving, untrustworthy captain who would betray a man on his crew, and done so intentionally, knowing it would only serve to stoke the ill will that already existed. The instinct to cut her off and drag her back inside rang out in his mind, but he quelled it quickly. It would not do to show weakness, and there was more at stake here than she was aware of.

"Oh, she hadn't been at sea, more than two weeks or three

When she was set upon by a Spanish revelry

As she sailed upon the low, and the lonesome low

As she sailed upon the lonesome sea"

And what was worse, she'd slowed the song down, eschewing any of the jaunty tune in favor of a mournful ballad. Her clear, high voice was so beautifully sad when she sang of the "lonesome sea" that everyone who heard her could not help but sympathize with what was to come.

"And then up spake our little cabin boy

A-sayin' 'What would you give to me, if I do them destroy?

If I sink 'em in the low, and the lonesome low?

If I sink 'em in the lonesome sea?'"

She sang the part of the boy with such sweet courage, a pluck that made him even more the paragon of a bold hero doomed for his tragic end.

"'To the man who them destroys,' oh, the captain then replied

'I'll give five thousand pounds, and my daughter for a bride,

If he sinks 'em in the low, and the lonesome low

If he sinks 'em in the lonesome sea.'"

The captain, of course, spoke in a fair approximation of Roland's accent. The revelation that she could do so unsettled him. He turned his eyes out to the crew, seeing how enraptured they were, how they moved with the song, elated and devastated with the smallest change in her pitch. And while the cabin boy threw himself into the sea, determined to sink the enemy ship, Roland considered the woman before him. He'd seen her anger but he hadn't expected this. She couldn't be aware of his position with the crew but she was smart enough to realize that his control would not be absolute, and she was prodding it.

The cabin boy sank the Spanish enemy while Roland quelled his rising tide of frustration with the Widow Bell. She had been so soft, so easily handled at first that he'd assumed she had less fight in her. He had misstepped here and he would need to set it right. The song might be the best weapon she had in her arsenal, but it would not be enough. He settled back to listen as her plucky cabin boy came swimming back to the ship, begging to be taken back up on deck.

"'No, I will not pick you up,' oh the captain then replied,

'I will not pick you up, I will sink you in the tide.

I will sink you in the low, and the lonesome low

I will sink you in the lonesome sea.'"

The captain's cruel words rumbled with malice, even glee at being able to leave the boy to die in the waves. She had, of course, chosen a version where the captain was the worst type of villain. Roland reluctantly appreciated her skill even as he began to imagine all the ways he could teach her never to cross him again.

"Then our boy bowed his head, and down sank he

Farewell, farewell to that Golden Vanity

As he sank in the low, and the lonesome low

As he sank beneath the lonesome sea."

This last part was slowed down even more, the boy's last moments bled for every possible drop of emotion. Roland was appalled to find even he was moved by her song, the beauty of her voice and the tragedy she seemed to so effortlessly lay at their feet.

The last note was followed by a hushed silence from the assembled crew. Roland clapped first, breaking the spell she'd woven. "Wonderful, Mrs. Bell. You sing beautifully. Does she not?" he asked the men, who applauded in turn. "Did you enjoy it?" he asked, egging them into their cheers a bit more. "Does anyone have a request for our Mrs. Bell?"

The men began shouting out songs, some popular enough that she would know them, others too crude to have made their way to proper society. He chose one for her from the lot, an easy tale of spring and renewal. As she began he stepped off the quarterdeck and walked away from her, up to the men at the foremast who were working more slowly than they should have been in order to hear the show.

"Captain," one of them said as he approached. "Are you going to have her singing to the next watch as well?"

"Of course, Tom," he said, always familiar as he'd always been. It worked to keep the men at ease with him. "Though I think we might leave out that last song." He saw their glances. "Didn't it remind you lot of Captain Dougray back from the grave? Last thing I need is another reminder of the man who got us into this mess."

"Aye," Tom muttered. The other men agreed. Roland smiled at him, genuinely glad the man was there. He was almost as much of a gossip as Jasper and would serve to spread the sentiment throughout the crew.

Roland chuckled. "Perhaps we have something else to be grateful to Mrs. Bell for," and he stalked off, the damage controlled; the men would now all deflect whatever emotions the song had stirred up back on his predecessor.

Down on the gun deck he saw the ship's Master Gunner, William Abbott, frowning at the men gathered to listen. Roland avoided being seen, and the subsequent grousing from the man, and slipped below deck. The Master Gunner had been on the ship for as long as Captain Dougray had been in charge and he was not taking the man's death well. He'd vocally rowed about the idea of "siren" singing them all into a watery grave. Roland had gotten his way by simply allowing the curmudgeon to be as unlikeable as always and the men sided against him. The man's position was weak now, but Roland would watch him all the same.

He went to check on repairs and talk things over with his navigator before returning to the main deck. If he loitered a bit longer than necessary, so be it. He would let that woman feel his absence so she might be made to understand what it would mean for her if he did abandon her. But the presence of the scowling Mr. Abbott put a bit of urgency into his step as he turned back towards the main deck.

When he stepped up to the quarter deck she'd retreated again behind her cold mask. Her face barely registered his appearance and she said not a word as he led her back to the cabin. He tied the rope and left her again in silence. She wanted to exert her control, to try and influence affairs she should best leave alone, and he could not allow that. But to take her on while she was angry would only serve to strengthen the conviction she had that she had been successful and Roland would not encourage the notion.
A glance back into the room before he left showed him her small body disappearing into the crawl space above the bed, the coat he'd given her left lying on the floor as if its wearer had simply vanished from inside it.

***

Hi again lovely readers,

So it's true. I do have to put off writing and posting for the next two months until my exam is over. (Internal med is no big deal. It's just, well, everything.) But I will return triumphant (fingers crossed) mid to late June-ish. 

For this chapter I feel compelled to include some footnotes. 

