Author's Note: Thanks for your patience, fabulous readers. This particular chapter gave me a really, really hard time, but here it is! Hopefully, the next chapter won't give me so much trouble, but we'll see. In the meantime, enjoy, and please feel free to leave comments, ratings, and suggestions. You know I love the stuff. Oh, and also, a special shout out to Inspector123. You'll see why. ;)

HisPet21

*

Kara relaxed back into her seat with a sigh of contentment and allowed her eyes to roam, soaking in the lighthearted atmosphere of "The Moldy Bucket: Inn and Tavern." She had chosen a large, wooden table in a far corner of the main dining hall, the better with which to survey her environment. Surrounded by so much laughter and music, it was hard to believe that her dark past existed and for a moment, Kara could almost believe the entire ordeal was a dream. 

Brightly colored, mismatched cloths decorated every table, gorgeously painted nature scenes lined the walls, and the wooden floors shook with a cacophony of dancing feet. But Kara was most entranced by an enormous fireplace taking up the wall directly opposite. Orange and red flame twisted fretfully around splintering wood, filling the air with the scent of apple wood. Then, there were roughly a dozen small, crystal chandeliers distributed around the room, reflecting its warm light into every shadowed nook and cranny. Near the bar, a band of youngsters had set up and were playing loud, obnoxious music. Kara laughed as the lead singer swayed his long hair to the beat, bawling out incomprehensible lyrics. Well, except for the occasional curse word, Kara thought with a grin. Everywhere, there was chatter and blinding cigarette smoke and drunkards on unsteady feet. It was hard not to get wrapped up in the happy noise, to be swept away into an oblivion of sensation.

Outside, heavy rain fell in torrents, its droplets pelting against the roof and creating a rhythmic sound that was almost hypnotic. Occasionally, a flash of lightning would illuminate the darkened streets just beyond the bar's foggy window panes, so that and Kara could make out horse drawn carriages as they stomped through the mud and children splashing around in puddles, only to be herded indoors by their vigilant mothers. Kara herself was still drying off from the downpour, her hands wrapped around an earthen mug of something hot and soothing. When she'd asked the bartender for a recommendation, he had brought her this and although she didn't recognize the drink, she liked it. It resembled coffee—although it was a little sweeter—and from its warming effects, Kara could tell it contained alcohol, even if she couldn't smell the stuff. With an eager gulp, Kara finished off the rest of her drink and trembled pleasurably as the warm liquid coiled through her, making her entire body tingle and then relax in waves. 

When she finally looked up from her empty cup, Kara saw that both Uncle Florence and Ben had finally come in from the violence of the storm. They were apparently in the middle of some lighthearted conversation, laughing loudly and slapping each other on the back. Both men were an absolute mess, with their hair windblown, their boots flecked with mud, and their clothes soaked through, but neither seemed to mind. Tossing their cloaks to the nearest doorman, they soon spotted Kara and began the difficult task of dodging dancing couples and drunken patrons on their way to her table. It took a moment for Kara to notice, but as Ben approached her, the smile on his face seemed to widen and his eyes became mischievous. It was a contagious expression and soon, Kara could feel a similar smile spreading across her face and her heart fluttering ever so slightly. Maybe it was the smokey room, or the alcohol, or their last evening together, but Kara was growing rather fond of Ben. 

"Wow," Ben gasped, stepping back a little in shock as soon as he'd reached Kara's table. His eyes eagerly traced her body, starting at the brown hair framing her delicate face and ending at the curve of her hips, seated comfortably in their chair. It was the first time Ben had seen Kara in something besides baggy clothes or a prison uniform and she was pleased with the reaction. The tavern owner's wife had generously lent Kara some old clothes, among them a short red dress, a pair of fishnet stockings, and some black heels. For the first time in a while, Kara felt beautiful. "You look absolutely amazing," Ben continued, confirming her own thoughts and gaping stupidly at her. "I mean it, too. You're stunning."

"You, on the other hand, are an absolute mess!" Kara laughed, gently punching Ben's arm and desperately trying to hide the blush rising in her cheeks. But it would do no good to be rude and Kara patted the seat beside her invitingly, then motioned for a nearby bartender to approach. "Anyway, what kept you two so long?" Kara asked, turning toward Uncle Florence in an attempt to change the subject. "I've been waiting here for over an hour!"

"That escort of yours—Mrs. Timmons—took off," Uncle Florence replied, sitting across from Kara with a grunt and leaning back into his seat. Pulling a silver cigarette case from his left pocket, he lit one up and began to casually breath in the smoke, his eyes intense. "We looked all over for her—in the nearby woods, the town, every inn within a few miles—but she's gone for good and she took all of your supplies with her."

"Don't we need those supplies?" Kara asked, looking up at Ben anxiously. But as soon as she recognized the tension in her voice, Kara made a conscious effort to relax and clear her mind of evil thoughts. It would do no good to adopt the mindset of a hunted animal, now that Kara was safely behind Nardia's walls. "I just don't understand why Mrs. Timmons would fly the coop, especially in her injured state," Kara explained, forcing her voice to remain level. "Why would she leave so suddenly, without telling anyone?"

"Honestly, we don't know," Ben replied with a shrug, before sitting beside Kara and wrapping an arm around her waist. His very presence was reassuring and Kara instantly leaned into him, unable to help herself. It was a subconscious impulse, but even when Kara realized this, she couldn't pull away. The confidence Ben projected—the security his gesture promised—seemed to ease Kara's fears and she liked feeling safe for once. "It's really the lack of reasoning that bothers me most," Ben continued, absentmindedly running his hand down Kara's side and stroking her hips with his fingers. Kara could feel the soft fabric of her dress as it pressed into her skin, soft and sensual. "Mrs. Timmons wouldn't have fled with a broken arm and bruised ribs unless she were afraid of something," Ben mused aloud, staring off into the fireplace across the room. "Then, of course, we have no idea what happened to Avery. From the beginning, I've felt that there was something off about those two and maybe I should have been more adamant about it. They've been hiding something from us. When you've commanded as many men as I have, you learn to read faces pretty well..." 

Suddenly, Kara stiffened against Ben's ministrations and pulled away, hissing in pain. It wasn't difficult to take the hint and he immediately withdrew his arm, allowing Kara to have some space. "I'm fine," she insisted, for Ben's eyes were rife with concern and his lips had formed a thin, firm line. "I promise, I'm okay. You just accidentally brushed up against my bandaged wound and it's still a bit sore. But trust me, I've had much worse."

Something in Ben's eyes changed then, suddenly enough to make the transformation frightening. While Ben's eyes had once been concerned, now they began to darken and become sinister, until there was only anger left. "Worse?" Ben hissed, and he pulled Kara onto his lap, holding her tight. "You mean by Arlington's doing, don't you? I swear to god, when I get my hands on that abusive, twisted lunatic, I am going to break both of his legs! And then, when that's all done, I'm going to punch out all of his teeth!"

"Now, hold on just a goddamned second," Querren laughed, ordering a round of beers for them as the bartender—a strapping lad in a white dress shirt and black vest—finally approached. The man's tone was jovial, but Kara knew that he was just as angry as Ben. She could see it in his deep brown eyes, dangerous and dark. It was a look Kara thought she had forgotten, but she recognized it now. "Family members get first dibs, Karrington. You ought to know better," Querren continued, stamping out his cigarette. There was so much violence in the gesture that it shook the entire floor, leaving nothing but a black stain on the hardwood. "You can have Arlington's legs if you want, but I get his teeth. Fingers and toes, too. You'd be surprised how much you can accomplish, using just a man's fingers and toes." 

With an affectionate smile, Querren winked playfully in Kara's direction and she smiled back, although the conversation was a littler more disconcerting than it was comforting. As much as she enjoyed fantasizing about torturing Arlington, Kara often wondered if she had the guts to go through with it herself. Uncle Florence, on the other hand, had no such qualms. Oddly enough, the man somehow manged to embody both danger and kindliness. The way his muscular form glowed in the light of the large tavern fire and its many chandeliers made him look a bit like a hyena, especially when his eyes were so dark. But when he smiled warmly—given his white beard and nearly bald head—he reminded Kara of Saint Nicholas, albeit one who blew things up 364 days out of the year, when he wasn't delivering parcels to good little boys and girls.

"What the fuck is this shit?" Alyssa suddenly cried, and Kara very nearly jumped. Swinging around in her seat, she saw that somehow, both Alyssa and Greenwood had managed to sneak up on her and were hiding in the shadows behind their table. Alyssa was an especially frightening sight to behold, her eyes wild with mischief and a cigarette dangling from the corner of her mouth. She had a bloody bandage wrapped around her left hand—from bracing herself against a nasty fall—and was still wearing the same blood stained tank top and pants from earlier, making her disheveled appearance even more disconcerting. "Y'all need to quit whining; we're in a bar, for fuck's sake!"

"Alyssa!" Querren cried, a wicked grin disturbing his face. Pushing away from the table, he quickly stood to his feet and embraced the weapons specialist, finishing the gesture off with a firm handshake and a pat on the back. "Have a seat! Have a seat!" Querren insisted, gesturing at their table. "We'll get a game of cards going, just like old times, eh? I'll even buy you a beer. Whataya say?"

"What's a night on the town without gambling?" Alyssa laughed, taking a seat beside Querren. Kara had never seen the weapons specialist so laid back before and all be damned if she didn't look happy for once. Cries of excitement radiated around the bar as Alyssa requisitioned players for the upcoming game, while Querren shuffled a deck of cards hidden in his own satchel. "We doing cash or a tourney?" Alyssa asked, scanning the table of faces and calling over a bartender to take the table's order. "Oh, and Greenwood? You owe me a fucking beer and a burger, remember?"

"As you recall, I didn't exactly agree to that bet," Greenwood pointed out, shifting uncomfortably from one foot to the other. Unlike Alyssa, he didn't seem at all at ease amongst the noise, laughter, and dancing. Certainly, the fancy dinner parties and charity balls of Isleydor's upper class were nothing like this. Looking around as if bewildered, the double merely cradled his injured arm, now fitted with a healing enhancement cast, guaranteed to speed up the process of recuperation. It was a thick, metallic thing with glowing lights along the side and a progress read out, given to him when they'd visited the local hospital (i.e. the large, ex-boarding house where a few local physicians lived). It seemed as if Nardia had become more technologically advanced since Kara's last visit, but only when it came to absolute necessities, like medicine and agriculture. Go figure, no one in the village owned a car, but everyone and his mother seemed to have a tractor. "Anyway, I don't like putting a price on a man's life, least of all the cost of a beer and a burger," Greenwood continued, finally sitting down and resting his arm on the table. "But I'll buy you a little something as a sort of, I don't know, date?"

Alyssa rolled her eyes, then winked meaningfully at Querren. "You know, this guy wasn't always so soft," Alyssa laughed, wrapping an arm around Greenwood's shoulders and pulling him in for a playful hug. "I think he's over compensating now, but trust me sweetheart, god doesn't give a fuck about some Bremmington pieces of shit."

"Hey, Greenwood!" Querren barked, laying his coins out on the table and cutting the stack of cards in his hand. And as if he'd been bitten, Greenwood immediately whipped around toward the noise. "You want in on this game or not? You should have a small allowance from Tamius."

"Oh, I don't know how to play," Greenwood replied, and though he tried to shrug nonchalantly, Kara could tell he was embarrassed to admit it. "After all, my job was to entertain and befriend Arlington, and the man rarely gambles. He far prefers games of skill to those reliant upon luck." 

"If you think poker is a game of luck, then you're doing it wrong," Querren grunted, dealing the cards before him in a clockwise fashion, until he finally reached Greenwood. "Are you in, or not?"

"He's in!" Alyssa answered, nudging Greenwood playfully. His lips tight, the double glared down at his lover, but that only seemed to brighten Alyssa's spirits. "You'll like it," she laughed, gulping down her beer generously. "It's all psychological. You use your bets and mannerisms to trick your opponents into folding or raising, depending on your hand." Scanning over her own cards, Alyssa called the current bet and instructed Greenwood to do the same, allowing Querren to burn a card and turn over the flop. "Besides, I bet your poker face beats any of these bitches bluffs."

"I raise," Querren grunted, and there was a loud groan as most of the players at the table folded, made melodramatic by the alcohol thrumming in their veins and the adrenaline rush of a good card game. "Twenty and five."

"You know what, I am feeling rather good about this," Greenwood mused, looking over his own cards and then smiling at Alyssa. When it was his turn to act, he carefully pushed a hand full of coins into the pot and looked smugly over at Querren. "Yes, I think I'll...what do you say? Call?"

"It's not a feeling you should be acting on, Greenwood," Querren laughed, turning over the next card on the board. Lighting up a second cigarette, he blew smoke into the already hazy air and grinned down on the pool of cash before him, as if it were already his. "I told you, this isn't a game of luck. It's a game of strategy. Still, I don't mind taking your money. I'll raise again, same amount."

"And I'll call," Greenwood replied, without a moment's hesitation. "One of my cards match, so..."

"Greenwood, shut up and hide your cards for fuck's sake," Alyssa groaned, resting her face in the palm of her hand and drowning her embarrassment in her beer. "And Querren, go easy on him for a few hands, alright?"

"Alright, alright!" Querren laughed, holding up his hands as if in surrender. "I'll check the river." Then, with an excited flourish, he turned over the last card and displayed his own hand for the table to see. "I have a straight, which means I have five sequential numbers between by cards and those on the table. It's a pretty good hand," Querren smiled, leaning back in his seat and crossing his arms over his chest triumphantly. "What about you?"

"I do believe you have me," Greenwood sighed, eyeing his hand and the board in a slightly distressed manner. With a irritated air, he quickly displayed his hand and shook his head. "I've only got a pair of tens."

"Actually, he's got the flush," Alyssa grinned, pulling in the mass of coins toward Greenwood and patting him heartily on the back. Eyes wide, Querren bolted upright and looked carefully over Greenwood's cards, as if they were flickering in and out of focus. When the reality finally sank in, Querren cursed angrily, running his hands through his hair in exasperation. "And no fair saying it's beginners luck, especially after that little spiel on poker strategy," Alyssa warned, her voice chiding.

"It's beginners luck!" Querren screamed. "I say it's beginner's luck!"

"Did I win?" Greenwood asked, his voice confused and child like. "I don't understand?"

"Sweetheart, you have the flush," Alyssa explained, although she was rather engrossed in counting Greenwood's money and putting it in his purse, the grin on her face widening still further. "With the cards in your hand plus those three on the board, you have five hearts."

"Wait, you can match shapes and numbers?!?" Greenwood cried, and Querren very nearly punched the wall. "Why didn't anyone explain that before we started. I would have...how do you say it? Raised him?"

"Someone please shoot me!" Querren cursed, finally plopping back down in his seat as the next dealer began distributing cards. "He didn't even know he had the flush!"

"Doesn't matter, since he showed," Alyssa replied evenly, looking over her own cards and snorting in disappointment before folding them both. "Greenwood, it's your turn."

"How good is it if you get two of the little A's?" Greenwood asked, shouting over at Alyssa in order to be heard above the noise of the bar. "Is this something I should raise or just call?" With a loud groan, the rest of the players quickly tossed their cards into the center of the table, not even bothering to wait until Greenwood had made a decision. "Wait," Greenwood mused, quickly scanning the table and then his cards. "Am I the only one left? Did I win?"

"Collect your blinds, Greenwood," Alyssa told him, watching in amusement as Querren's face turned red. "Everyone folded, so you get what's on the table."

"I win again?!?" Greenwood cried, his face ecstatic as a young boy's. Eagerly, he raked in his winnings, not the least bit bothered that he'd thrown away an excellent hand after only a single round of betting. "I think I'm getting good at this game!

"Keep lining his pockets, Querren," Alyssa teased, motioning for the bartender to bring her another drink. "He's gonna be buying me drinks with your money all night and I'm a pretty high maintenance bitch."

"Rub it in my face, why don't you?" Querren spat, hesitantly looking over his next hand and then back at Greenwood, as if the man might suddenly jump up and bite him. "He isn't even playing right!"

"I don't know, his stack says otherwise," Kara laughed, and Querren looked over at her in absolute shock, his jaw nearly touching the floor. "I mean, so far he's doing pretty good."

"My own flesh and blood!" Querren cried, putting his hand to his chest in mock hurt. "After all I've done for you!"

"Come on, let's leave these guys to their squabbles," Ben smiled, standing to his feet and holding out his hand in order to help Kara up. When she looked at him in confusion, he only laughed and took her hand in his own by force, pulling her to her feet. "Come on, let's go and dance," Ben insisted, the mischievous glow returning to his eyes. "You said you wanted to dance with strangers all night and just yesterday, you were telling me that I know nothing about you. Come, now," Ben chided, leaning into Kara's long hair and pressing his lips against her ear, in order to be heard above all the noise. "Let me be your stranger."

Kara didn't have time to reply before she was being pulled through the crowded bar and onto the dance floor, situated in front of the band and completely cleared of tables. When Ben suddenly stopped, she stumbled into him and he took full advantage of that fact, taking her right hand in his left and easing his dominant arm around her waist to create a perfect closed position. And with that, they were off, soaring across the dance floor at a smooth, rapid pace. Kara hadn't expected a former general to be any good at dancing, but she supposed that part of being a military man entailed entertaining diplomats and ambassadors from foreign nations. Ben certainly seemed to know what he was doing and Kara could barely keep up with him as their feet flew across the wooden floor. Soon, Kara found herself being spun outward and then back into her partner's arms, then dipped toward the floor. As she lay in Ben's arms, mere inches from the ground, their eyes met and Kara couldn't help but grin.
"You know, you're pretty good at this," Kara admitted, and Ben pulled her back onto her feet with a flourish, his eyes sparkling with the excitement of the dance. "Just make sure I can keep up with you," Kara laughed, and she was swept away again.

It had been ages since Kara had danced, and she squealed a little in delight as Ben pulled her into him and leaned them to the side. Partner dances were a central feature of any festival or party back in Telma, so she was no stranger to the routine. But as was typical of most dances in Nardia, the music gradually slowed from an upbeat tune to a gentle beat, allowing the two partners to fall into a nice, easy rhythm. Kara wasn't as familiar with the slow dances as she was the faster ones—as a child, she'd thrown a fit when forced to dance with boys at an easier pace, under the pretense that they were "for lovely dovey people" and Kara hadn't had many romantic interests even after she'd grown older. But now, leaning her head on Ben's shoulder seemed to come naturally to her and she was able to relax into the soft music, hypnotic and sweet. 

"So, at this point, you've slept in my bed and now you're dancing with me," Ben whispered, leaning down toward Kara in order to be heard above all the noise. His breath felt hot against Kara's ear and his words even more so, making Kara flush and her eyes turn away in embarrassment. "You're too easily flustered," Ben chuckled, gently guiding Kara around the room. "But my point still stands. It would seem to me as if we're dating. Of course, if you're just leading me on, now would be a good time to say so." 

"No," Kara insisted quickly, allowing herself to be gently dipped toward the floor and then brought back up again. For a second, Ben's lips quirked and Kara scowled at him. "I'm not leading you on," Kara reiterated, her voice irritable. "I just wanted to make sure you had a sincere interest in me and I in you before jumping into anything."

"And now you feel comfortable giving this a chance?"

"I know it seems odd, but when you opened up to me, I felt a...." Kara began, but she couldn't quite find the words she was looking for and ended up staring into the street just beyond the bar, dark and foreboding. The pitter-patter of rain on the roof created an eerie, almost magical sound as lightening once more cut through a black sky. Kara found the sight scary, but oddly beautiful. "I felt some sort of connection," Kara finally mused, her footsteps slow, but sure. "You and I think alike. Maybe more importantly, we have a shared history and we're both prepared to fight for a better future. I suppose it's a bit presumptuous of me, but that almost makes us on the same team and maybe instead of fighting that pull, I should be embracing it."

"Well, why stop with mere musing and maybe's?" Ben asked, with a playful wink. When Kara only glanced at him in confusion, he grinned wickedly and guided her back toward the center of the dance floor, for the beat of the music had quickened again, forcing the pair into a fast paced jaunt across the room. "What I mean is, you've created some kind of odd, imaginary gap between us," Ben explained, his words almost lost in the thrumming of guitars and pounding of drums. 

"I think we should work on closing that gap," Ben continued. "We've been through a lot. And you know what they say, 'A person only shows his true colors in times of peril.' Considering all we've endured, I'd say we've seen each others' colors, but that isn't enough, is it?" Carefully maneuvering Kara into a dark deserted corner, Ben finally managed to get the two of them relatively alone. There, they slowly paced and turned, as if caught in their own, personal whirlpool. "You want to get to know each other, then fine," Ben continued, his voice causal and cool. "We'll play twenty questions. And since I spilled my guts last night, it's only fair that I get to pick your brain first."

"Alright," Kara shrugged, as if unconcerned, but secretly she was rather thrilled. Finally, she had a chance to know a man under normal circumstances, on a normal date. "You can go first," Kara continued, keeping up her careless facade effortlessly. "Go ahead, ask me anything." 

"Tell me about your childhood."

Kara snorted and rolled her eyes playfully. "You get a chance to ask me anything, and you decide to waste that chance on my childhood?" she asked, feigning incredulity. But there was only silence and stepping back from Ben, Kara watched as the firelight caught in his gray eyes and set them ablaze, completely serious. "Alright, alright!" Kara laughed, pushing Ben's chest in a half-hearted tease. "But I warn you, my childhood was rather dull. I grew up in Telma, stealing apples from the local farmers' orchards in the summer and sledding through precarious pine forests in the winter." A slight, reminiscent smile spread across Kara's face at the thought. "My parents served as the physicians for five local villages, so I was exposed to medicine at an early age. Then, of course, Uncle Florence was always there to get me into even more trouble than usual, encouraging me to do all kinds of dangerous stuff, like blow up abandoned sheds and climb trees and beat on boys who were mean to me."

"I like your uncle," Ben mused aloud, finally leading Kara away from the dance floor and plopping down at a recently vacated table. Motioning for her to sit beside him, Ben called over a waiter, then wrapped an arm around Kara as if it were the most natural gesture in the world. "Your uncle isn't afraid to speak his mind and he hates Arlington just as much as I do," Ben continued, glancing at the poker game taking place across the room. "Was it him who taught you how to build explosives?"

"Hey, no fair!" Kara pouted, sticking out her lower lip and crossing her arms as if wronged in some way. "It's my turn to ask a question, and I want to know about your family."

"There isn't much left to say," Ben said with a shrug, though there was an inkling of hurt in his tone. Just then, the waiter came by and dropped off a menu, but even as Kara poured over the pages, he continued onward, almost contemplatively. "I'm honestly not sure who's left alive, us being a military family and all," Ben admitted with a sigh, and Kara immediately shut her menu and gave him a sympathetic glance. "I had a rather large family to begin with, four brothers and three sisters. So, you can imagine what kind of childhood I had," Ben continued, and his voice suddenly turned from sorrowful to happy reminiscence. "It was a constant prank war between the eight of us and it drove my mother up the wall! I remember this one time when Matilda—that's my oldest sister—she spent a solid week....oh god...it must have taken her hours!" 

Ben suddenly doubled over in laughter, trying in vain to catch his breath and compose himself between bouts. It was a solid minute before he finally managed to calm down, his body still shaking and his eyes watering. "I'm sorry," Ben tried, still fighting off the occasional chuckle. "It's just that...well...One day, my brothers and I came home from school and I swear, our room was filled with what must have been a hundred frogs! Matilda had been collecting them from the river, keeping them in a large bin, and waiting until she had enough to make an impression. My mother was, of course, furious!"

Ben's laughter was contagious and soon, Kara was laughing right along with him, until they were both gasping for air and wiping away tears from their faces, hardly able to keep a straight face. "Oh god," Kara groaned, her sides aching with effort. "Your childhood sounds much more exciting than mine does, I'll tell you that." Just then, the waiter stopped by and Kara ordered herself another beer and a basket of fried frogs' meat, which she'd been craving ever since being flown into Isleydor. She missed junk food and Lord Arlington had never had anything even remotely unhealthy on his plate. "Anyway, you didn't mention your father," Kara continued, watching expectantly as the waiter walked away. She wasn't sure how much longer she could wait, as her stomach was audibly grumbling. "What's he like?"

"I thought it was mine turn to ask a question," Ben chided playfully, leaning Kara into him until she was snuggling up against him of her own will, safe and warm in his embrace. "How's it fair for you to take two turns in a row, especially to ask such a personal question?" Ben continued, chuckling as Kara's eyes lit up with worry. After all, she hadn't meant to venture into sensitive territory. "It's alright, I don't mind," Ben told her, waving his hand dismissively. "The simple fact is that he died in this past war and I miss him terribly. I feel a little guilty too, mostly because he died as a fighter under the White Horse and therefore, my command. But my father always taught me that, when a man goes to war, it's his own damn decision to risk his life and there's no sense in blaming yourself for his death. But anyway," Ben finished, with a heavy sigh and half-hearted smile. "The way I see it, now you owe me one personal question."

"I suppose that's only fair," Kara agreed, though perhaps the alcohol had something to do with it. "Deal."

---<>---

Bordered on either side by bodyguards, Arlington carefully made his way down Bremmington's Interrogation Block, the sound of his boots on concrete echoing ominously. Even on crutches, the man maintained an intimidating aura, his back straight and his footsteps precise. The trip from one end of the prison block to the other was slow going, but finally, Arlington reached his destination. Leaning against the wall beside Room 13C, he readjusted his crutches and peered carefully at his gold wristwatch. It was ten minutes past seven, still too early to go inside. Johnson usually needed a good fifteen minutes or so to rough up his victims and Arlington knew better than to interrupt. 

To pass the time, Arlington withdrew a tablet from his cloak and pulled up the briefing for today's interrogation, skimming carefully through the document for any details he may have missed the first time around. The captive's name was Avery Callinsky, an unslaver working for the notorious Albert Cross. Formerly, he had worked as a slave hunter for Martkorp, but had abruptly quit before entering into Isleydor's underworld. There were a number of reasons which could have motivated the sudden career change: a guilty conscience, better money, or perhaps a new thrill. 

But what most confused Lord Arlington was Albert Cross' involvement in his fugitives' escape. The man was a well known businessman in Isleydor's criminal underground, but he usually had enough sense to steer clear of high profile politicians and their slaves, fearing retribution. It surprised Arlington immensely that the man would risk crossing him, by freeing his former slave and the fugitives that had humiliated him on national television. There had to be a very good reason for Mr. Cross' sudden change in business practices and Arlington intended to find out the precise nature of that reason.

Finally, there was a loud knock on the metal door beside Arlington and taking up his crutches, he eased himself across the threshold. It was dark inside the interrogation room and it took a few seconds for Arlington's eyes to adjust, finally narrowing in on the bare table before him and its two chairs, a single lamp dangling above the setup. On the far side of the table sat Avery Callinsky, doubled over in pain and panting heavily. The man's arms were tied behind him and his ankles were firmly secured to each of two chair legs, rendering him completely helpless. But as soon as he heard the door open, Avery's head shot up and he hopefully glanced at the dark silhouette before him, allowing Arlington to get a good look at his face. In the bright light from the overhead lamp, his lordship could see that the captive's face was bloodied and bruised, although nothing seemed to be broken. Most prominently, Avery's lip had been split open and a tiny trail of blood fell away and onto his chin, where it had started to dry. 

"Thank god," Avery gasped, desperately trying to straighten himself and wincing in pain from the effort. But finally, his eyes met Arlington's and there was a glimmer of hope contained within them, enough to make Arlington grin sadistically. "Finally, someone who isn't a complete lunatic," Avery continued, completely oblivious and his voice rife with anxiety. "My lord, your man has been pounding on me all morning, and I haven't even been given one of my three phone calls or been offered a lawyer! I'd like to press charges immediately, and get transferred somewhere else."

"Now, that doesn't sound like the Johnson I know," Arlington drawled, turning toward the man and raising his eyebrows as if agitated. But Johnson—a tall, older man with thick eyebrows, pale lips, and a sour expression—only shrugged innocently. "Is it true that you've been pounding on this poor fellow all morning?" Arlington asked, and the two shared a meaningful glance.

"My lord, he fell down the stairs," Johnson insisted, gesturing toward Avery with a horrible smile marring his features. "Tripped over himself on the way here and fell right on his face."

"That sounds rather painful," Arlington mused, and he sat down across from Avery. It was an awkward process—given Arlington's cast—but he finally managed to get comfortable and sighed deeply, as if irritated. "It'll do no good to be so clumsy," Arlington chided, as if talking to a small child, and he shook his head in feigned exasperation. "You know, you really should be more careful where you step."

"You can't be serious!" Avery screamed, and he glared vehemently at Johnson. If he had the means, the former escort would have certainly lunged straight at the man and punched him. As it was, Avery could only struggle in his bonds. "You can't possibly believe him! To cause damage like this, I'd have to have fallen at least fifty times!"

"I apologize, my lord," Johnson sighed, fading into the darkness behind Avery and laying a hand on the man's shoulder. "This one is rather slow on the uptake."

"I want my lawyer and I want him now!" Avery cried, twisting and turning where he sat as if mad. Although restrained, he did manage to shift the chair over a little, before running out of energy and resuming his rant. "I have rights and I demand my fucking phone calls!"

"God, will somebody please shut him up?" Arlington sighed, leaning back in his chair as if annoyed.

There was a horrible crunch and a cry of pain as one of the Arlington's bodyguards approached Avery and punched him in the gut. With his arms secured behind his chair, Avery had no means of blocking the blow and doubled over in pain, groaning miserably. 

"I want to try a little experiment now," Arlington drawled, once Avery's cries of pain had faded into quiet groans. "Let's test this whole, 'I have rights' proposition, shall we?" With a pronounced gesture, Arlington reached across the table, picked Avery's head up by the hair, and slammed his face against the metal table between them, so that the cartilage of his nose cracked and blood pooled underneath him. Avery screamed out in pain at the sudden assault, but Arlington merely sat back in his chair and motioned for a towelette, with which to clean his hands of the man's blood. "Now that's odd," Arlington mused, a cruel smile twisting his features. "I don't hear any sirens." Slowly, he turned toward his associate. "Johnson, do you hear any sirens?"

"No, my lord. I don't believe I do."

"The medics in the infirmary are going to report this," Avery hissed between clenched teeth, the fury in his eyes burning furiously. "These injuries are suspicious as fuck, and you'll both be charged with assault and police brutality."

"Oh, come now," Arlington sneered, leaning across the table toward Avery and tapping the tabletop for emphasis. "Albert Cross doesn't hire fucking idiots. You helped a band of fugitives cross the border into Nardia, among them a double agent. You're guilty of treason." With that, Avery's face paled and his eyes grew wide with fear, the reality of the situation dawning on him for the first time. Arlington, of course, noticed. "Oh, good," his lordship grinned, leaning back in his seat once more. "You finally managed to connect the dots. I'm sure you realize that, as a traitor, you're no longer protected under common law and I don't have to play by the rules."

"So," Avery gulped. "You intend to keep up this brutality until I talk?"

"Oh, this?" Arlington snorted, waving a hand dismissively in Avery's direction. "This kind of thing is standard procedure. You'd be amazed what I can get away with, as long as I don't cross the more powerful aristocratic families and keep out of Constance's way." Pulling a small, silver case from his pocket, Arlington lit up a cigar and inhaled deeply, his eyes contemplative. "No, my dear man, if you don't co-operate, things will be getting much, much worse. Johnson can confirm that when it comes to torture, I don't like to color between the lines."

Avery mulled over that for a moment, staring into the concrete floor beneath him as if his fate were written in the many cracks and blood stains marring its surface. When he finally looked back up, his eyes darted fearfully from one sinister face toward the next as if he might find some sympathy. And, when he didn't, Avery reverted to staring into the closed doorway, as if someone might burst through and save him at any moment. But eventually, his efforts exhausted, Avery made eye contact with Arlington.

"Alright, but I want a deal!" Avery blurted, his face beet red. "I'll talk, but only under certain conditions!"

"Do you believe this little shit?" Johnson hissed, squeezing Avery's shoulder sinisterly and glaring down at him with a mixture of disgust and disbelief. "We're offering to let him leave, largely intact, and those reasons aren't good enough for the little fuck?"

"We stole something from Mr. Cross, alright?" Avery cried, and Arlington could see the fear in his eyes, bold and dark. With what little energy he had left, the former escort wrenched his shoulder free of Johnson's grasp and returned burning eyes to Lord Arlington. "Albert Cross has connections throughout the central government and if you send me back to prison or even let me go inside the city limits, I won't make it to dinner," Avery insisted, his voice panicked. "In exchange for my intel, I want to get dropped off somewhere else, like Nardia or Scorce or Byziehale. Hell, it doesn't even matter! But I have to get out of Isleydor!"

"Fair enough," Arlington agreed, and he allowed the ash gathered on the tip of his cigar to fall onto the floor, where it smoldered. There were several seconds of contemplative silence then, but after a few moments, Lord Arlington stood from his chair and began to pace the area behind Avery. He always thought better on his feet and the pacing had a frightening effect on his victims. "First and foremost, I want to know why Mr. Cross decided to fuck with me," Arlington demanded, his voice harsh and demanding. "He damn well knows that this won't go over well." 

"I don't know all the details," Avery quickly answered, listening to the sound of footsteps on concrete and the persistent thumping of Arlington's crutches lurking in the darkness behind him. He could feel a slight breeze whenever the Fourth Lord passed him, and it had a disconcerting effect on his confidence. "All I know is that Cross got some top secret military secrets out of one of your fugitives in exchange for protected passage through Isleydor to Nardia," Avery blurted, trying to look behind him and at Arlington. "Apparently, one of the blokes went through memory enhancement and the audio session was to be sold to intelligence in Nardia. There was going to be a huge payoff, over fifty times what Albert Cross normally gets for a high end job."
Taking a deep breath, Kara turned toward a distant picture of Lord Arlington and stared deep into his horrible eyes, confident and cruel. His lips were upturned ever so slightly in his classic smirk, which Kara knew all too well. In her head, she could hear his sadistic laughter from above, making her anger all the more potent and the hatred pouring through her veins intensify. The forest faded away and suddenly, all Kara could see was Arlington's face lingering in the darkness and she thought she could hear his voice, too.

"Of course I used you," Arlington's voice drawled, smooth and serene. And suddenly, Kara was transported back into Isleydor, where she sat restrained in Arlington's arms, terrified that he had managed to get her uncle caught or killed. "You're mine," Lord Arlington insisted. "And I'll use you however I damn well please."

BANG!

Kara fired her gun, rage coiling up through her like a deadly snake. A flock of birds in a nearby tree took to the air in the wake of her bullet, startled from their peaceful rest. When Kara finally looked past her smoldering gun and toward her target, she saw a bullet hole situated right between Arlington's eyes, marring his features horribly. And not bothering to wait for tips and corrections from Ben, she turned toward the next target and aimed.

"I will relentlessly crack away at your spirit until it shatters, no matter how long it takes," Arlington whispered cruelly, and Kara could almost feel his hot breath against her ear, even though she knew it was just her imagination. "Every fear that you have, I will expose. And then, I shall use those fears against you."

BANG!

"You're going to come in a moment and when you do, I want you to scream my name."

BANG!

"It might take me six months, or it might take me a year. But you are only human, my dear. And I will make it so that love becomes imminent to your survival. And then, you will cave to me." 

BANG!

"Now, why don't we get you home. After all, you and I have a lot of training to catch up on, don't we, pet?" 

BANG!

"I know that, beneath all of that fight and cunning and pride, that there is just a terrified, trembling little girl...I am going to show her to you, Kara. You will not forget her face. I guarantee it."

BANG!

BANG!

BANG!

BANG!

Not sure what she was doing or how, Kara turned about in a circle, firing like a woman possessed until an irritable click reminded her that she was out of ammo. Panting and flushed, Kara fell forward on her knees in the center of the clearing, only to realize that the gun in her hands was trembling and that there were tears in her eyes, though she couldn't remember when they had started to flow. But before her were twelve utterly destroyed posters of Lord Arlington, each with a bullet hole lodged in his face and some with more than a single fatal shot piercing through. Without a word, Kara stood up, wiped her tears away, and headed with Ben out onto the street and back into town.

They were late to the meeting, of course, although Kara didn't particularly care. But as the two companions approached The Moldy Bucket, she found herself growing a little concerned. There was a limousine parked outside of the tavern, which was extremely unusual for any Nardian village, let alone one on the outskirts of the country, so close to the border that Kara could see the wall which separated her from Isleydor's territory. Tamius herself was waiting outside for them, wearing a green tank top and baggy commando's pants, her fierce eyes piercing the blackness like a predatory cat's. When Kara finally reached the doorway, she was heartily embraced and could feel the warmth coming off of the former general's body.

"Ah, so good to see you," Tamius greeted, her tone welcoming. Pulling away from Kara, she shook her hand happily, although her eyes kept darting toward the front door as if she felt rushed. "It's nice to finally meet you under far less, shall we say, dire circumstances? Many thanks, of course, for your daring rescue." Pushing open the door, Tamius gestured inside and Kara quickly trotted through, trying to look casual in spite of the past hour and all the stress it had caused. "I wish there was more I could have done."

"You saved our asses back at the border," Kara laughed, grinning widely at Tamius and trying to force herself into a more jovial mood. "As far as I am concerned, we're even."

Walking at a brisk pace, Tamius led Kara and Ben through the main dining hall—once more filled with patrons—and toward a private party room, guarded on either side by muscular men dressed all in black. As soon as she saw them, Kara stopped where she was and turned slowly toward Tamius, a little more than slightly disturbed. There seemed to be no believable reason for so much security, especially since the meeting was supposed to constitute a mere interview for asylum, which Nardia had already granted to hundreds of thousands of Calihistra's refugees. The bodyguards set off little alarm bells in Kara's mind, telling her that she was about to get sucked even deeper into the symbolic war between Arlington and the rest of the world, and Kara had no interest in that whatsoever.

"Tamius, what's with all of the bodyguards?" Kara questioned, and although she tried to sound nonchalant, the tension in her voice was obvious. Gesturing away from the private room, Kara drew Tamius and Ben into a little corner off to the side, her eyes tentative. "Tamius, I thought this was supposed to be a simple interview for asylum," Kara hissed, barely keeping her fears under control. "So what's with the limousine and fanfare?"

"Look, Kara, I'm not supposed to tell you this; Council Woman Silveine wanted to explain the details herself, " Tamius sighed, glancing back at the doorway in an agitated fashion before turning toward Kara with an awkward smile. "Listen, the plain fact is that you've managed to cross into Nardia by yourself and the country's oligarchy is now interested in using that to their advantage. Just listen to what they have to offer, okay?"

"Oh, Nardia wants our help, does it?" Kara sneered, still in a foul mood from her time on the shooting range with Ben. She still couldn't get Arlington's eyes out of her mind or keep his terrible, cruel voice from whispering in her ear. If she had it her way, Kara would be back in the woods, shooting up trees until she was too exhausted to remember anything of the past. "Back in Bremmington, we needed their help, but Nardia's Rescue Regiment wasn't interested in us then," Kara continued, her tone accusatory and cold. "Commander Ciara only helped me as a personal favor to my uncle. Her kindness had nothing to do with the Nardian government. And both Karrington and Greenwood were treated like commodities, too useless to bother saving. Come to think of it, only Alyssa was on board at the government's request..."

"No, you're right," Tamius sighed, leaning against the wall and staring up into the ceiling. "Truthfully, even Alyssa's rescue was a personal favor. She knows Ciara from way back, while working on one of Calihistra's Rescue Regiments—there were a lot of collaborations, back in the early phases of the war—and now Nardia wants in on an escape they didn't exactly help with." Setting a sympathetic hand on Kara's shoulder, Tamius smiled warmly and squeezed. "Trust me on this, Kara," Tamius told her, her tone both serious and kind. "I know you sort of got involved in this by accident; catching Arlington's eye back at auction was a stroke of really, really bad luck. But you're involved now and you should take advantage of that. You could do a lot of good for the rest of the world." 

With that, Tamius moved past Kara and entered into the private little room set aside for them. As far as Kara was concerned, she really had no choice but to begrudgingly follow, Ben at her heels. Inside, a long, wooden table was situated in the center of the room and nearly ten people were already seated, sipping on wine, skimming through thin folders of documentation, and talking quietly amongst themselves. Kara recognized many of the faces, among them Alyssa, Greenwood, and Querren. But there were also a number of very important looking people whom she did not recognize, dressed in fine clothing and largely decorated with military badges, which glimmered softly in the light. A small fireplace was roaring in a corner, the sound of crackling wood a pleasant back drop to the whispers all around Kara, which suddenly stopped as a woman at the far end of the table stood to her feet. This one looked particularly important, her black locks done up with golden pins and her bright red uniform covered in silvery decorations, far out numbering those of anyone else present.

"Ah, there are my trophy slaves!" the decorated woman cried, and Kara stiffened. She didn't like being referred to as a slave—especially now that she was outside of Isleydor—and she found the greeting extremely rude. So much so, in fact, that when the decorated woman reached across the table and offered Kara her hand, she refused. "Oh, don't be like that," the decorated woman chided, but when Kara continued glaring, she merely shrugged. "Fine then, it's not as if we have to like each other—at least, not yet—in order to be partners. As they say, mutual enemies always foster friendships in the long run." With that, the decorated woman sat back down and gestured enthusiastically at the table, an aura of confidence enveloping her. "Please, have a seat," she insisted. "You'll find a folder of all relevant documentation at each empty spot, which you are free to skim."

"You want to explain why we're all here?" Alyssa suddenly hissed, a cigarette dangling from her mouth and clouding up the room. And now that she looked around, Kara realized that the weapons specialist was the only one smoking. Perhaps worse, Alyssa looked as if she'd just been dragged out of bed, her clothes unchanged and her hair tangled. Not exactly the best way to make an impression, Kara thought. "I've been waiting in this same seat, without any food, for a solid twenty minutes," Alyssa barked, demanding she be addressed. "Can we please, for the love of all that is holy, cut to the chase?"

"As many of you already know, I am Council Woman Silveine, one of the five official members of Nardia's Bureaucratic Council. And as you may or may not know, I am here to ask for your help," the decorated woman began, completely ignoring Alyssa, even as the weapons specialist rolled her eyes irritably. "The nature of that help will become apparent shortly," Silveine continued. "But first, a little background is required. I'm sure you've all seen today's paper." 

With that, Silveine tossed a newspaper into the center of table, the same one Ben had bought a dozen copies of that very morning. Arlington's picture was, of course, on the front page and his blue eyes stared up Kara, his cruel features flickering in the firelight. Kara tried to ignore the feelings surfacing inside of her, but her afternoon of shooting had already released a torrent of emotion, intensified by yet another mention of her former master. Staring down at the image, she could feel herself growing hot with fury and her eyes narrowed sinisterly. The more she thought about Arlington, the more she hated him, for being unable to escape his image even after she had crossed the border and for being unable to escape his tortures even in the privacy of her own dreams. 

"We've been attacked, my friends," Silveine cried, her voice abruptly filling the room. Standing to her feet, the Council Woman began to pace before the fireplace, the light from its flame casting her shadow across the table and giving the room an eerie quality to match Kara's mood. "Many of our larger, more industrious farming villages have been bombed into oblivion and this has made it difficult for our people to store up for the coming winter months," Silveine continued, and Kara could start to hear the anger in her voice, gradually building and intensifying. "We've been forced to trade with neighboring nations for food and the cost has been overwhelming! Our people have become disenchanted with us and many are fleeing the country. But if we are to stand any chance against Isleydor, we need to keep our population up. We can't afford another mass exodus!" Turning on her heel, Silveine slammed her fist down on the table, so that the wine glasses atop it shook precariously and several of the woman's own people jumped nervously in their seats. "If we're to survive, we need to send a message of hope to our people. And that, my precious trophy slaves, is where you come into the picture."

"We aren't even citizens of your country," Kara protested, and suddenly all eyes were upon her, making Kara extremely uncomfortable. "And we're wanted men," Kara continued, ignoring the blank stares surrounding her. "I don't see what you could possibly do with us, other than anger Arlington even more than he already is, by offering his precious fugitives asylum in your country."

"Oh, that's precisely what we intend to do," Silveine replied sinisterly, and Kara turned toward the woman with a shocked expression. But the bureaucrat was deadly serious, her eyes twinkling devilishly and her hands formerly a little temple. Sitting back down, Silveine looked over at Kara and merely grinned. "Think about it," Silveine insisted. "The three of you were turned into symbols of conquest by Isleydor's elite, representations of their ineffable power. When you not only escaped from Bremmington, but did so in style—destroying a freeway and blowing up a tunnel—you became symbols of triumph, proving once and for all that as resourceful and intimidating as Isleydor is, it is not an invincible country. Even when all hope seems lost, salvation is possible." Gesturing toward the fire, Silveine indicated the woody ashes below the crackling wood and the glowing embers still smoldering there. "You three remind me of the mythical phoenix," Silveine mused. "Rising from the ashes, to begin the day anew."

"So, like, you want their fucking autographs or something?" Alyssa laughed, and Greenwood glared vehemently down at her, but the weapons specialist would not be swayed from speaking her mind. "You want they should do a photo shoot, so you can plaster their faces on billboards, along with your national motto?"

"Actually, you're not too far off, Alyssa," Silveine replied, not the least bit offset by the woman's abrasive attitude. "You see, the day after tomorrow, we have negotiations scheduled with Isleydor and we were hoping you three could attend. Please, look through your folders and you'll find a blue sheet. The itinerary is all laid out." Kara could hardly believe what she was hearing, but obediently opened her folder, even as Silveine continued on. "If you agree, all three of you will attend negotiations with Lord Arlington, Lord Sillias, and their escorts," Silveine explained, and Kara scanned over her blue sheet, which included a guest list. And, indeed, there was Lord Arlington's name, in gorgeous cursive. "Forcing our guests to sit side-by-side with their former slaves and to debate politics with them will send a very important message, both to them and to our people. It will demonstrate that we are aware that they aren't as powerful as they claim to be and that we as a nation, like Isleydor's trophy slaves, shall rise from the ashes in triumph! In other words," Silveine grinned, and she paused a moment for emphasis, looking around the room at the faces before her. "You three will be the physical embodiment of a big, fat fuck you to Lord Arlington." 

"On what pretext would you have us attend these negotiations?" Ben interjected, his own documentation laid out systematically before him. It seemed that while Kara was still getting over her shock, the former general had moved onto logistics, leaving the medic behind. "We aren't citizens of your country and even if we were, none of us are connected with your government. If we're going to attend negotiations, there better be a good reason. I don't want this turning into a dog and pony show. I've been transformed into a symbol by Isleydor already and I want to be more than a symbol here, even a symbol of hope."

"Ah, the great General Karrington, former Head of the White Horse Rebel Alliance," Silveine drawled, and she slid a laminated card and a silvery badge across the table in his direction. Now it was Ben's turn to be shocked, as he glanced over the items in his hands, inspecting them for authenticity. "I assure you, they're both legitimate," Silveine promised, obviously pleased with herself. "The laminated card is your proof of citizenship. I've already had your entire party processed. And the badge is, of course, indicative of your military ranking. If you'll indulge us, we intend to give both you and Tamius command of a small army. We don't have much here in Nardia in terms of weapons technology, but our people are tough. You two already have experience with Isleydor and we could use your guidance, both in negotiations and on the battlefield."

"But what about Kara?" Ben inquired, before she could ask the the question herself. "What excuse will she have for being present during these negotiations?"

"We'd give her a position as a medic once more, for the military connection," Silveine explained, but this time she sounded less enthusiastic. In fact, the Council Woman looked down right pale as she turned toward Kara, her smile obviously fake. "Of course, no mere medic has any business being present at these sorts of negotiations and I understand that Kara doesn't have the military experience to justify a promotion to Commanding Medic," Silveine admitted, with a slightly embarrassed shrug. "We were hoping—just to drive our point home—that she would be willing to host for Lord Arlington. That would be her pretext, since supposedly, she knows of his preferences."

"I don't think I like the sound of that," Kara interjected, her lips tight. Admittedly, Kara hadn't the slightest idea what 'hosting' for her former master would entail, but it sounded a lot like serving him, and hadn't she just broken free of that arrangement? "As you may have guessed by now, I am not exactly a fan of that guy," Kara continued, trying to keep the poison out of her voice. "I've just spent the last three days trying to get as far away from that madman as humanly possible."

"In Nardia, most negotiations start off with an honorary reception," Querren explained, and Kara was glad someone she trusted was giving her the details, as opposed to Silveine. Before she agreed to getting anywhere near the sadistic lunatic who had made her life a living hell, Kara wanted to be sure she had a solid grasp on what would be expected of her. "The idea is to throw a sort of party for the incoming diplomats and show them a good time, to remind them that the nation they are dealing with is full of people with families, friends, and a rich cultural heritage," Querren explained, and the sympathy in his eyes did manage to calm Kara down a bit. "It's thought that the 'pleasure before business' model encourages Nardia's enemies to go soft on them, because we are all human beings who are part of the same great, big world."

"I think I can guess where this might be going," Kara sighed, leaning back in her seat and tapping her fingers irritably on the tabletop. "Each diplomat gets his own personal host and you want me to take care of Lord Arlington."

"You'd be responsible for introducing Arlington to Nardia's elite, showing him around Nulme, and attending to his needs throughout negotiations," Silveine confirmed, and Kara barely managed to suppress a furious groan from escaping her lips. It wasn't fair that she should be expected to assume the role of Arlington's personal serving girl, when she'd had less than a day to appreciate being a free woman. In fact, Kara was just about to refuse when Silveine held up her hand for silence and continued. "I know this isn't ideal for you," Silveine sympathized, although it was an understatement. "But even if the task sounds demeaning, you wouldn't be acting as a servant. Traditionally, a diplomatic host has a lot of prestige and power. You'd be on equal footing with Arlington, given your own bodyguard, and would have to sign alongside him with respect to any agreements. The press would be showing you—in a position of tremendous honor—right beside the man who once sought to destroy you. The story will boost morale across the country. Besides, it'll just be a few days, at most. And we won't give Arlington any advance warning that you will be present, so he won't have time to prepare."
Kara, in spite of herself, began to consider Silveine's proposition. Part of the reason was Nardia's own predicament, with which Kara greatly sympathized. As the refugee of a nation ruined by Isleydor, she found herself in a protective mood, willing to do almost anything to aid those who might endure the same fate. No one deserved all the fear, pain, and loss her people had suffered. But truthfully, there were selfish reasons as well. Kara was tired of running from Arlington and it might be nice to meet with him on her own terms, in a position of power and protected by Nardia's military, as opposed to hiding out in an isolated cabin, set on edge every time a squirrel crashed through the brush or an owl called out in the distance. 

"I'll do it," Kara whispered under her breath, although she knew she would regret it. "But I want to know what we get out of this."

"Protection, mostly," Silveine said, trying to appear nonchalant, although Kara's promise had clearly brightened her spirits. Gesturing toward the folder before Kara, Silveine plucked a red pamphlet from her own and started pointing out different sections. "We'd give you citizenship, personal bodyguards, jobs in our military, and a healthy paycheck. Then, as a bonus, Mr. Greenwood and his family—who are apparently within our borders—would also be given the best aid we have to offer and hidden away as part of our Special Victims Program."

"And what about Alyssa and Uncle Florence?" Kara questioned, making sure she had every detail down. After all, Kara didn't want to do anything without knowing how it might affect her companions. "What about them? Isn't Alyssa a trophy slave, too?"

"Oh, they've both already agreed to serve as security for the event," Silveine explained, waving her hand dismissively. "Since Alyssa was under Greenwood's care during her captivity, she wasn't so much a trophy slave as a second double. Anyway, we can review the details tomorrow morning, before you leave to pick up Greenwood's family. Oooh, this is going to be much better than expected, between you three and the intel promised to us by a Mr. Albert Cross!" Silveine squealed, rubbing her hands together excitedly. "I am beyond ecstatic, I can tell you!"

With that, Silveine exited their private room, her staff following along behind her, looking as stern and solemn as a funeral procession. But, Kara thought, the Council Woman seemed to display enough enthusiasm for the lot of them. Carefully, she began to pack up her folder of documentation for later review, glancing through newspaper clippings related to Isleydor's recent bombings and becoming progressively more engrossed in the political issues plaguing Nardia's inner workings. When she looked up, Kara noticed that only herself and Greenwood were left, the elder man equally distracted by his own little pamphlet.

"You know, Greenwood, I'll miss you when you're gone," Kara said quietly, suddenly sentimental. But Greenwood only smiled sadly at her, even as he continued to pack up his things. "I owe you my life, you know. If it weren't for you and Alyssa, I'd still be in that god-forsaken coffin."

"No, you wouldn't be," Greenwood chided, and his voice was suddenly stern, far more so than seemed appropriate for the gentle man's character. "You'd have found another way out and you know it. Don't ever, and I mean ever, sell yourself short. Confidence is going to be key for you, Kara. This war isn't over by a long shot."

"Greenwood?"

"Yes, dear?"

"I've been meaning to ask you about the Parallel Project. I can't remember a damn thing, obviously. And other than the tech, you were the only one in the room with me."

"Sorry, sweetheart," Greenwood sighed, and he shook his head emphatically. "As agreed, I can't speak of the Parallel Project until Mr. Cross successfully sells his intel, so as to maintain its value." Pushing his chair in and turning to put out the fire, Greenwood faded into a mere silhouette. "After all, that information is not valuable to Mr. Cross unless it remains secret. And besides, you'll learn all about it at these upcoming negotiations."

"Fair enough," Kara shrugged, sitting atop the table and allowing her legs to dangle and sway. For several seconds then, she remained quiet, unsure if she dared ask her next question. Kara wasn't sure she wanted to know the answer but on the other hand, now that she was safe, it was only fair that she begin to look out for others. "Greenwood," Kara began, taking a deep breath. "Do you think we could ask for Elandra's release at these negotiations?"

Greenwood visibly stiffened at that and Kara watched as he slowly poked at the fire, which had begun to die out, its pale smoke filling the room and giving it a pleasant scent. "If you must know, Elandra is essentially stuck where she is," Greenwood finally whispered, sounding rather uncomfortable with the situation. "Charlotte won't let her go. They have a history and there's a personal vendetta, too."

"Which is...?"

"They're step sisters," Greenwood finally admitted, and Kara could hardly contain the gasp that rose up in her throat, followed by an intense feeling of repulsion. It amazed Kara that anyone could treat their own family so horribly, even if there were no blood relation. The two may be nothing alike, but they must have grown up together. "From what I can tell, Charlotte was courting a man from one of the more powerful aristocratic families in Isleydor, when the bloke fell in love with Elandra instead," Greenwood sighed, his voice soft. "They ran away together the day before Charlotte's wedding, escaping into Calihistra, and she had to deal with the aftermath. Pretty brutal too, I believe, since Elandra was considered to be bad blood." And without another word, Greenwood put out the fire, turned on his heel, and left the room. 

Kara wasn't sure what was bothering Greenwood exactly, but could tell he needed his space and decided to wait a few moments before following after him. When she finally did leave the room, Kara was instantly bombarded by all of the shouting and singing and laughter coming from the main dining hall, most probably where her companions were enjoying themselves. But after considering a while, she decided to leave them to their happy chatter and drunken escapades. Kara wasn't in the mood for merrymaking and silently made her way up the stairs and to her room, carefully shutting the door behind her.

Crawling onto her bed, Kara pushed back the curtains of the adjacent window, lifted the glass panel, and stared out into the night. Hundreds of twinkling stars stared back at her, a silent vigil of angels watching over her and reminding her that there was a vast world out there, much of which was peaceful and quiet. Kara wished she wasn't part of the war between Isleydor and its neighbors. She wished she was part of a more calm nation far across the sea. But with a reluctant sigh, she resigned herself to her fate. Greenwood was right, the war was hardly over. And whether she liked it or not, Kara knew she was permanently involved in a battle of wills with Arlington, until one of them caved or perished.

"Knock, knock," Ben's voice called through the doorway and when Kara didn't object, he slowly pushed the door open, stepping into the room. "I just wanted to see how you were holding up and everything. And you know," Ben added, with a very serious expression. "If you don't want to host for Arlington, you don't have to."

"And why are you doing this?" Kara asked, lying atop her bed so that she was facing Ben, with her head resting on her hands. "How do you feel about all this?"

"Conflicted," Ben admitted with a shrug, grabbing a wooden chair and seating himself in front of Kara. Crossing one leg over the other, he looked contemplatively past the window behind her and sighed. "On the one hand, I'm tired of being a symbol. It's humiliating and I'm not exactly thrilled that Nardia intends to capitalize on that. But, on the other hand, I intend to use the council just as much as they intend to use me." With that, Ben took his silver badge from his pocket and tossed it onto the bed, so that Kara could inspect it. "It is genuine," Ben told her, pointing out all the little intricacies. "Now that I have military support in this country, I finally have another chance to make things right and stop Arlington before this goes too far. I screwed up the first time around, but it won't happen again."

"I guess I'm conflicted, too," Kara sighed, staring into the covers of her bed and tracing the swirling patterns with her fingers. "I'm not thrilled that I have to be involved in all of this, but Greenwood is right. Arlington won't give up until he has me back or decides I'm not worth the effort. I can't just keep running from him, hoping that he'll eventually leave me alone." Turning back toward Ben, Kara stared up into his beautiful gray eyes and smiled. "Might as well meet him on my own terms and prove to him that I'm not afraid."

"You know, you should probably deal with the demons of your past before confronting Arlington," Ben suggested, his voice tentative. Scooching his chair a little closer to Kara, Ben took her hand in his own and squeezed. "There's no shame in talking it out."

"Oh, no," Kara blurted, suddenly on the defensive. Wrenching her hand away from Ben's, Kara retreated to the other end of the bed until she was pressed against the wall, and shook her head emphatically. "I understand that you're just trying to be helpful, but I've no interest in discussing my ex-master with you. This is between Lord Arlington and I." Ben narrowed his eyes at Kara then, but she narrowed her eyes right back. "I'm serious," Kara insisted, keeping her voice firm. "This has nothing to do with you."

"Yes, it does," Ben replied, matching Kara's tone. She was instantly off put by his firm demeanor, which seemed so out of character, and glared at him. Kara didn't like the way he was pressuring her and wanted him to leave. "We just spent the past several days running from the same demon," Ben continued, no indication that he was taking the hint. "We're in this together, whether you like it or not. And, besides that, we've begun a relationship and those require reciprocity. I've already shared my past with you and now, here's your chance to return the favor."

"I can't talk about it, alright?" Kara hissed, progressing from mere agitation to anger. She was afraid, Kara realized. She was afraid that Ben would be disgusted with her once he knew the truth. Kara had begged at Lord Arlington's feet, screamed his name in delicious agony, and was now dreaming about him regularly. Ben would look at her differently if he knew and Kara couldn't stand that. And, worse still, she couldn't bear it if Ben became involved and suffered Arlington's wrath as a result. "Lord Arlington is my problem," Kara growled. "And you need to back off already."

"Kara," Ben scolded, his voice gentle. "You don't think I would judge you?"

"You don't really know me!" Kara began in an accusatory fashion, but Ben abruptly cut her off.

"You keep saying that," Ben hissed, standing to his feet and crossing his arms over his chest. Looking down on her, the man seemed rather intimidating and Kara could feel anxiety fluttering in her heart, making it quake. "But that isn't true and you know it," Ben continued, unrelenting. "We've been imprisoned together, chased by a madman, and now we're about to become a permanent fixture of this war together. Whatever you're afraid of, you're wrong. I know you and whatever you've done, I am certain it's nothing to be ashamed of."

"You know what?" Kara cried, sliding from the bed. Stomping toward the door, Kara began to put on her shoes and glowered as Ben turned to follow her with his eyes. "I am done with this conversation, Ben," Kara told him. "No means no, and I don't want to talk about it."

"I want to cash in on my personal question."

"Well, too fucking bad," Kara snarled, feeling a little guilty as she opened the door and prepared to leave. After all, Ben was just trying to help her. But Kara couldn't risk his safety or disgust and, taking a deep breath, Kara stepped out the door. "I'm not discussing this and that's final," Kara called over her shoulder, but she could hear Ben following her.

"I'm not like Lord Arlington, you know," Ben whispered under his breath, and Kara could hear the acidity in his tone. Stopping suddenly, she turned to face Ben, confused. "If you don't want to talk to me, I'm not going to make you," Ben explained, and his eyes were icy. "If you run away from me, I'm not going to track you down and bring you back, kicking and screaming the whole way. If you want to shut yourself off from me and leave me in the dark, I'll let you. But if you leave me," Ben continued, and his voice deathly serious. "Then don't expect me to come chasing after you."

Kara almost burst into tears and she had no idea why, but Ben's words hurt and they hurt badly. Turning away from Ben, Kara stomped down the steps, raced through the main dining hall, and headed off into the darkened streets of the village. Tears pooled down her face and Kara angrily wiped them away, ashamed of herself. She was being foolish and she knew it. Ben's words had been nothing but sincere and sensible, after all. What woman wanted a man who wouldn't respect her right to leave if she so desired, to cast him off if it was necessary? It was idiotic, to get so upset over what amounted to the respect Kara had always wanted in a man and had never gotten from Lord Arlington.

Intending to blow off some steam, Kara headed out of town and back toward the woods from earlier, the crickets all around her chirping merrily in unison with the croaking of the frogs. She had left her gun back in her room, but Kara figured she could find a big stick and thrash at all the little Arlingtons Ben had set up, until she felt better and was ready to apologize. Kara had just begun to trudge toward the clearing when she heard a stick break and stiffened, her heart racing. Being on the run had certainly heightened her sense of awareness and she swung around toward the noise, half panicked and expecting to find trouble. But, of course, it was nothing. Shaking her head at herself, Kara continued onward and laughed a little at her paranoia.

Suddenly, a vast shape emerged out of nowhere and Kara was tackled to the ground. Pure instinct took over them and she clawed madly, filling her lungs with air and preparing to scream bloody murder. But whoever had Kara flipped her over until she was lying face first on the forest floor, then shoved a rag into her mouth, keeping it in place with construction tape. Frantically, Kara kicked her captor in the groin and moved to flee, but someone grabbed her ankles and pulled, causing her to fall forward with a painful thud. Mere seconds later, her hands were bound, her ankles were bound, and she was being propped up against a tree, unable to believe her situation. In the moonlight, she could make out two massive figures in dark clothes, although the details were fuzzy. Then, one of them pulled out a cell phone.

"My lord?" the figure began, and Kara's heart began to race so fast she was certain her heart would explode. Struggling ever more earnestly, Kara prayed for a miracle. She couldn't go back to Arlington, not now. Kara had just found happiness and she couldn't bear to lose it. "Yeah, the little idiot split off from the rest of the group, so it was a pretty easy catch," the figure continued, sounding rather pleased with himself. "Too many military folk at the inn to make a direct attack, but we know how to bide our time. Charlotte's men never disappoint, my lord. Just a few days of travel and she's all yours."

---<>---

"Greenwood, have you seen Kara?" Ben asked, guiltily peering into the elder man's room. Only a minute or two after he'd left Kara, he knew that he had made a terrible mistake. Her resistance to his affections was infuriating, but Kara had gone through an awful lot. Ben knew that letting his temper get the better of him was no way to win over a woman and he wished that he could turn back time. The next best thing, of course, was to make up for it all somehow. "She isn't downstairs with the rest of the crew and Querren hasn't seen her either."

"Let me guess, you did something stupid," Greenwood mused, and Ben looked over at him in surprise. "Oh, don't give me that," Greenwood sighed, waving his hand dismissively. "I'm an old man now and I recognize a lover in trouble when I see one. There's a florist's down the road, by the way. It's probably closed at this hour, but who knows? You may be able to call in an emergency bouquet."

"Kara can just be so stubborn," Ben cried, leaning up against the wall and turning toward Greenwood with an exasperated expression. "I want to help her deal with this mess, but she won't talk to me when she's upset or let me help her deal with Arlington." Grumbling to himself, Ben began pushing at the carpet with his foot. "I've been trying to give her the space she needs to come to me on her own, but she's determined to carry the weight of the whole world on her shoulders. It's crushing her and I don't think she even realizes it."

"What did you do?"

Ben gulped a little and stared into the floor guiltily, feeling Greenwood's piercing eyes upon him. "I told her that I wasn't like Lord Arlington," Ben sighed, staring into the fibers of the carpet in a half mesmerized fashion. "That if she decided to push me away, I wouldn't chase after her and then drag her back, kicking and screaming."

"Of all the idiotic, stupid things to say!"

"I know!" Ben cried, pacing the room in agitation. "I know!"

"I don't think you do know," Greenwood growled and for a moment, Ben mused that the older man seemed rather protective of Kara. Greenwood's eyes were certainly furious and he was clenching the arm rests of his chair fretfully. "Take it from someone who's dated two extremely strong, intelligent women," Greenwood demanded, staring Ben down. "Compassionate women with a strong will don't share their burdens easily, because they don't wish to trouble those they love. Unless a woman like Kara knows that you can handle her baggage, she'll carry it herself. God, you aren't fucking entitled to saving a woman with a mind of her own," Greenwood grumbled, rolling his eyes. "It's a privilege and you have to earn it. But you've just implied that you can't handle Kara and worse still, you went on to imply that Arlington can." 

Ben visibly paled then and stormed out of the room, determined to find Kara and set things right. 

---<>---

Kara couldn't believe what was happening and screamed as loudly as she could, only to find that a soft muffle was escaping her lips. Completely and utterly panicked, she continued to struggle in her bonds, rolling around in the dirt to try and gain some sort of advantage. The cuffs around her wrists were a little too big and she attempted to pull her hands through them, until they were bloodied and rubbed raw. But Kara knew that the second she moved past the threshold of Lord Arlington's Manor, she would never again escape. Her master was a smart man and thwarted once, he would never be fooled by the same trickery again.

"Ah, it seems his lordship wants to talk to you," the larger figure drawled, turning toward Kara with a sinister expression and holding up his cell phone. Bound and gagged as she was, Kara could only shake her head emphatically, eyes wide with fear. The predicament was already bad enough and Kara wasn't sure she could bear to hear Arlington's voice, cackling triumphantly. "I don't think she wants to talk to you," the figure laughed, putting the phone back up to his ear. "She's shaking her head quite viciously, my lord." But a minute later, the larger of the two figures had Kara pinned against a tree and the cell phone was being pressed into her ear, although she desperately tried to move away. 
"Well, that was a fun few days, wasn't it?" Lord Arlington whispered into Kara's ear, and she could feel her heart pounding more loudly against her rib cage, threatening to break free of her body. His voice was as smooth and self-confident as it ever had been, though there was a hitch of anger Kara found unfamiliar. Arlington was normally so cool and collected, that even the slight change in tone revealed how furious he was with Kara. "Unfortunately, all good things must come to an end," Lord Arlington continued, and all Kara could do was remind herself to keep breathing. "You are going to deeply and sincerely regret everything you've done, pet. If I were you, I'd spend the next day or two thinking up a convincing apology. But I'm sure that—should your muse fail you—I could come up with something suitable."

With that, the phone was removed from Kara's ear and she was suddenly slung over the larger captor's shoulder. The three of them were then trudging through the forest at a brisk pace, with Kara struggling the entire way. Every so often there would be a part in the canopy above and she could see her captors more clearly in the moonlight, but that only worsened her spirits. The men were physically enormous and one of them have several facial scars, indicative of a dangerous fighter. Kara had just about given up, when out of the darkness sounded a gun. Instantly, the man holding Kara collapsed and she rolled out from under his limp body, trying as best she could to get to her feet. But when a muscular figured walked onto the path before her, Kara froze. It was Ben and with a growl, he tackled the second bounty hunter to the ground.

Withdrawing a knife, the bounty hunter tried to cut at Ben's neck, only to find his wrist captured and then snapped. Now broken and limp, the man's hand was useless and he pushed away from Ben, trying to gain some distance. But Ben pressed on, forcing the cornered hunter to throw several punches with his good arm and, while few of the blows connected, Ben hardly even grunted in pain before slamming his opponent's head into the trunk of a massive tree, temporary stunning him. From there, it was easy enough to bind the hunter with some of his own rope, leaving him writhing and cursing on the ground.

His hands now bloody and his face stern, Ben made his way over to Kara and removed her gag, leaving the girl gasping for air. Relief flooded through her then and she began to thank Ben, but he held up his hand for silence. Tilting Kara's chin up to look into her eyes, he smiled sadly and shook his head. "I lied to you and I am sorry about that," Ben told her, his voice gentle and his gray eyes serene. "If you run away from me, I will chase you. As long as it takes, until you finally let me love you. We're in this together, until the very end, and I intend to prove that to you." Standing to his feet, Ben strode over to the bound hunter, pulled out his gun, and pressed it to the man's temple. "Call him," Ben ordered. 

For a second or two, Kara was confused. But eventually, the meaning of Ben's words became clear and terror entered into her veins, making her heart grow cold and then ferociously hot. "Ben, don't!" Kara cried, struggling in her restraints and trying to stand to her feet, but it was as useless now as it had been moments before. Completely and utterly helpless, Kara was forced to watch as Ben untied the bounty hunter's wrists. Within seconds, the man's cell phone was ringing, each tone echoing through the dark trees ominously. "Goddamned it, Ben! Untie me!" Kara screamed, twisting and turning in vain. "Let me go! Untie me, for fuck's sake!" Since she couldn't move, the poor girl tried to convey her mounting desperation with her eyes, but Ben remained unmoved. "For the love of god, stay out of this!" Kara tried, going mad with panic. "I don't want your blood on my hands and he'll kill you if you get involved!"

"I'm sorry, but you don't have a choice anymore," Ben told Kara sadly, watching her struggle with determined, unsympathetic eyes. "You may hate me for this, but I'm getting involved whether you want me to or not." With an aura of confidence, Ben took the cell from his captive and put it on speaker phone, his eyes never leaving Kara's. "I want you to listen to this," Ben commanded, his voice boding no argument. "It's important that you understand how serious I am about us."

There were several more seconds of ceaseless ringing then, and Kara could only stare stupidly at Ben and wait, her heart still beating wildly. Even after all she had endured in Isleydor, Kara felt more helpless in that moment than she ever had been before. Time slipped by slowly, until there was an ominous click as Arlington answered his phone and a crackle of static from his hot breath. 

"Another update so soon, Carl?" Arlington's voice drawled into the night, his voice casual. "I hope there haven't been any problems?"

"Actually, Arlington, your minions are indisposed at the moment," Ben replied into the phone, his voice cold and firm. Jabbing the bounty hunter with the nozzle of his gun, Ben sneered down at his captive and watched the man wince. "This isn't so much an update as a courtesy warning from me to you," Ben continued, his pent up rage evident. "You need to stay the hell away from my girl or I am going to kill you. Do I make myself clear, Lord Arlington?" 

There was a pause on the other end of the line as Lord Arlington connected the dots, then a sinister chuckle that made Kara's skin crawl. "I assume I am speaking to General Karrington," Lord Arlington began, his voice as smooth and dangerous as arsenic laced honey. "You know, I think all men at one time or another indulge themselves in a hero complex. I, myself, made that very mistake once. But I'd be careful if I were you, Karrington. You don't want me as an enemy."

"With all due respect, Lord Arlington—and, by the way, very little respect is due to you—you don't frighten me," Ben replied coldly, and he violently hit his captive over the head with the butt of his gun, knocking the man unconscious. "Frankly, your bark seems a lot worse than your bite."

"You only think so because you haven't been properly educated," Arlington hissed, and Kara was certain that she'd never before heard her lord so angry. She could hear footsteps in the background as the man started to pace, agitated and seething. "Now, I know that isn't your fault, Karrington. I blame Judith for that," Lord Arlington continued, feigning calm. "But if you decide to go down this road, I will be happy to teach you how true terror tastes. Continue this nonsense with...if you'll excuse me...my girl and suffer the consequences. I don't take kindly to thieves, Karrington. Oh, and Kara?" At the sound of her name, Kara's head snapped at attention and she stiffened, as if Lord Arlington were in the room with her. "As I've said earlier, the two of us are inseparable entities," Arlington drawled, his voice dripping with anger. "Drag anyone else into this and the pain they suffer will be on your head. In fact—"

But to Kara's utter shock, Ben hung up on Lord Arlington mid-sentence, then turned around to face her with an amused expression on his face. "Well, that'll make negotiations about a thousand times more awkward than they were already going to be, won't it?" Ben chuckled, dropping the bounty hunter's cell phone and crushing it into oblivion with the heel of his boot. "But it had to be done and I hope you now realize where I stand, Kara." 

"Are you insane?" Kara whispered, her voice hoarse with a mixture of fear and fury. "Who gave you the right to inject yourself into my personal battles, Karrington?"

"When you care enough about someone, their problems become your problems," Ben said gently, leaning against a tree and placing his hands in his pockets. "I've chosen to care about you and that makes me responsible for bearing your burdens."

"This isn't exactly a normal relationship," Kara hissed, sitting up on her knees as best as she could. With leaves and twigs tangled in her hair and her eyes ablaze, she looked rather like a forest imp. "I've got a war lord chasing after me and you shouldn't have to deal with that. Just let me go, before you get killed."

"Oh, I think you're over-exaggerating just a little," Ben protested, grinning down on Kara in a manner that was most inappropriate, especially given the dire nature of their circumstances. "Arlington said he was going to introduce me to true terror—whatever the hell that means—and I'm 99% sure that I'll have to be alive for that." 

"This isn't funny, Ben," Kara insisted, her eyes deathly serious. "Untie me, now."

"No."

"Excuse me?" Kara questioned, her voice incredulous. Ben had crossed an awful lot of lines that evening, but not once had Kara thought that he would leave her like this, bound on the forest floor. Mustering up all of her strength, Kara tried to pull her hands free and failed. "Ben, I you need to let me up, immediately."

"No," Ben shrugged, walking toward Kara and getting to his knees so that they were eye level. Furious eyes glared back at him, but Ben maintained a calm aura and gently brushed the dirt and grime from one of Kara's cheeks, even as she tried to wrench herself away. "I'm not letting you go, Kara," Ben told her, completely serious. "Not until you tell me about your time with Lord Arlington."

"This is kidnapping!"

"It's something," Ben agreed, sitting cross legged in front of Kara and staring at her curiously. "But I doubt 'kidnapping' is the right word. You were already tied up when I found you. If I release you, it's out of generosity, not obligation. Besides, I'm doing this for your own good," Ben sighed, shaking his head as if her were talking to a small child. "You can't carry the weight of the whole world on your shoulders, Kara."

"The hell I can't!"

"Talk to me, Kara."

"Fuck you, absolutely not!"

"I can wait here all night if I have to."

Kara frantically struggled in her bonds once more, screaming at the top of her lungs in frustration and catching more leaves and dirt in her hair. But when she looked up, only to see that Ben was still as unmoved as before, all calm left her. "Fine!" Kara spat, rolling onto her stomach and glaring forcefully at Ben. "You want to know about me so badly?" Ben only nodded solemnly and Kara could feel herself shaking. "I'm a coward, alright?" Kara cried. "Happy now?"

"You're not a coward, Kara."

"Arlington put me in this awful little box," Kara retaliated, tears forming in her eyes. She hadn't thought herself teetering on the verge, but they flowed freely now, turning the dirt on her cheeks into mud. "And afterwards, I begged him for mercy. I would have licked his boots if he'd asked me to. As it was, I let him use me as a fucking foot stool."

"I'm still here," Ben told her, his voice kind. "I'm not repulsed yet."

"He fucked me!" Kara screamed, taking Ben's words as a challenge in the heat of her fear and anger. The tears on her face were hot now, making her cheeks flush under the starlight. "And then, at his request, I screamed his name!"

"I'm still here, Kara."

"I fantasize about him!" Kara blurted, and this time Ben's demeanor shifted. It was a minor nuance, but Kara noticed immediately. Ben's eyes had grown wide a little in shock and he stiffened a bit. "That's right!" Kara continued, her quiet tears turning into full blown, hate-filled sobs. "I have sex dreams about Lord Arlington and I wake up soaked through! You want to tell me that you still want all of this?" Kara cried. "You want to tell me what kind of woman fantasizes about her rapist?"

"Do you really want Lord Arlington?" Ben asked, more curious than anything else. "Is that the honest truth?"

"Well, no," Kara begrudgingly admitted. "But I still think that I might like..."

"Yes?"

"I don't know, being tied up?" Kara whispered, her cheeks so hot and wet that she thought she would die of shame. "Being vulnerable, maybe?"

"Well then, let's test that theory," Ben suggested, and he grabbed Kara's hair in his hand, dragging her face toward his. Before Kara could even think of protesting, his lips were against hers and she had opened up to him with a little mewl. Tongue wrestled with tongue and although she had been furious seconds before, Kara melted in Ben's arms. Perhaps it was the exhaustion of the past day or that she truly wanted someone to confide in, but Kara felt comfort in that kiss. "No more running from your past, Kara," Ben said softly. "We're going to deal with this and we're going to do it tonight."

"Ben, what are you doing?" Kara gasped, feeling his hands on her shoulders, turning her over until she was on her back. Then removing the bindings from Kara's ankles, Ben slowly eased his hand toward the crotch of her pants, undoing the clasps there and pulling the cloth down around her knees. It was such an unexpected turn of events that Kara found herself struggling, only to be held firmly in place. "Ben this isn't okay," Kara told him, although her voice wavered. "You need to let me go."

"Are you being serious?" Ben asked, taking Kara's face in his hands and staring at her with an analytic expression. "Because you either need to stop this now or let me handle you my way. What'll it be?"

"Your way," Kara whispered, surprised by how easily the words came to her. She didn't know why she wanted this, but she did. Kara could feel all of the fear and anxiety of the past several days coiling up inside of her, threatening to tear her apart, and she needed this. "I want you to handle me...your way," Kara whispered, her voice barely audible.

"That's what I like to hear," Ben grinned and with an animistic snarl, he withdrew a knife from his belt. Kara gasped as cold metal pressed against her bare mound and her panties were suddenly cut away, leaving her completely exposed. Grabbing Kara up by the hair, Ben pulled her to her feet and pinned her against a tree, pressing his lips against hers once more and groaning lustfully into the warm, wet cavern of her mouth. Then, pushing her legs open with his knees, Ben grabbed at her mound viciously. "I'm going to love the way this tastes," Ben whispered in Kara's ear, dragging his tongue over all the little dips and crevices.

Squatting down, Ben sucked Kara's clit into his mouth and pushed her thighs open still further, listening as she hissed and whined in delicious agony. Almost instantly, she started to moisten under his ministrations, howling loudly as his tongue pushed passed her wet cunt lips and into her opening, where it probed hungrily. But as soon as she was soaking, Ben abruptly stood and, with little ceremony, unzipped his pants. His cock was gorgeous, lengthy, and deliciously thick, with blond curls encasing the patch of flesh around the base. Pinning Kara to the tree with his massive body, he unceremoniously thrust inside of her and Kara cried out, stunned that Ben was capable of any kind of violence. Striving to meet his powerful thrusts, she tried using the tree for leverage—which was difficult, given her bound wrists—only to have Ben pull her away from the tree and slap her exposed ass, hard enough to make her squeal.

"I'm doing the fucking this time," Ben told her, a mischievous grin on his face. Pushing Kara back up against the tree, he slid into her once more, making her gasp at the intrusion. "You just have to take it."

"Oh, god," Kara groaned, her core tightening and burning. For Ben had continued his brutal assault, fucking her so hard that her ass was being rubbed raw against the bark of the tree. And suddenly, her head was pulled back by the hair, allowing Ben to bite and lap at her exposed neck, the sensations making her feel fabulously vulnerable. "Oh, god...."

"Tell me you love this," Ben growled, his animistic grunts of pleasure driving Kara near madness. Pressing his fingernails into Kara's side, Ben scratched at her viciously until she groaned, then reached up under her shirt and gripped her breast. "Say it," Ben ordered, more earnest now. "I want you to tell me how much you love being fucked rough."

This seemed to snap Kara out of her lustful reverie and she shook her head viciously, still too embarrassed to admit it. With a snarl, Ben pushed down on Kara's shoulders, forcing her to her knees, then kicked out her legs so that she was lying face down on the ground. Instantly, he was upon her, his hands on her hips and ramming his massive cock into her from behind. Kara cried out, unable to support herself with her hands still tied behind her back, then screamed as a hand came down on her ass, hard.

"I told you to say it out loud," Ben hissed, watching as Kara's cheek rubbed into the dirt with each thrust. Raising his hand again, Ben slapped her gorgeous ass over and over until it was bright red and Kara was dripping wet, her whole body shaking with desire. "You need to stop being so fucking embarrassed about who you are and embrace it." Pushing on Kara's back, Ben began to pick up the pace, his heady breath loud and heavy. "Now, say it!"

"Alright!" Kara cried, her voice contorted with raw abandonment. "I love this!" Something clicked in Kara then and she could feel the hot center of her sex harden still further, tightening in a round little spiral until it felt as if her clit was on fire. Thrust after powerful thrust drove her deeper into the dark and lustful regions of her mind, and the vulnerability started to break down her walls. Being fucked on the forest floor, legs lewdly spread, made Kara feel hot and heady with need. In a moment, her legs were shaking uncontrollably and she was screaming her release. "Oh, god, I love this!" And as she came, she could feel Ben shooting his load into her, growling above her with his hands pressed into her sides and his cool sweat falling onto her naked thighs. "Oh god, Ben, I love this!" 