Author's Note: As always, thanks for the comments and ratings. I adore them. And for those of you eager for the plot to move along, I hope this chapter doesn't disappoint you.

HisPet21

*

The day of the board meeting, Greenwood invited Lord Arlington to lunch. And, luckily for Kara, Arlington decided to take her along. They ate in the garden since it was an unusually warm day, and Kara thought the sun on her skin a pleasant sensation. But overall, the meal was a humiliating experience. Throughout its entirety, Kara was hand fed by Lord Arlington, while Greenwood watched. Worse still, Kara had to listen to Arlington as he described her most recent training sessions to Greenwood, in agonizing detail. Luckily for Kara, eye contact restrictions were in effect, so that she didn't have to look at the men while they talked about her sexual conditioning.

Thankfully, Greenwood soon changed the topic of conversation, and began to discuss Calihistra's take over. He opened a little briefcase as he talked, bogging Arlington down with visual presentations and paper work. It was intentional, of course. Greenwood was distracting Arlington, so that Kara's lord would lose track of the time. And, as Greenwood had hoped, it worked. When Arlington finally checked his watch, he cursed a little at the hour, and immediately began to pack up. There was a Legislative Debate he had to attend, and punctuality would be imperative to his image.

"Greenwood, would you mind watching the girl until tonight's board meeting?" Arlington asked, obviously anxious. "I'm so sorry to do this to you, but I really can't take her with me. And besides, since we are having the meeting at your place again, it would be a big help." Arlington took out his phone then, to call for his driver, instructing the manservant to swing around front and pick him up.

"Of course, my lord," Greenwood answered, sincerely. "It isn't a problem at all." He had, after all, planned on watching Kara. The plan had been a gamble, of course. There had always been a chance that Arlington wouldn't lose track of the time. There had always been a chance that his lordship wouldn't leave Kara with Greenwood. But after many years as a double agent, Greenwood was a master of manipulation, on par with Arlington. He played his supposed "co-workers" as he might a cello, and Kara soon found herself in Greenwood's den, a glass of water grasped in her hands, all without a hitch. 

Since it was a beautiful day outside, the shades of Greenwood's den had been opened to let in the soft, autumn light. The fire was lit too, in order to warm the room and its occupants. And to heighten the peaceful ambiance, a record was playing classical music. Greenwood knew all of the composers on the record, and pointed them out as symphony after symphony began and then ended. Kara couldn't keep up with his commentary, but she thought the sound positively beautiful and wished she could lie on the carpet before the fireplace listening to it forever and ever. But, of course, there were pressing matters to attend to. After waiting a few moments, to ensure that Arlington had really gone, Greenwood turned very seriously toward Kara.

"Did you find anything?" Greenwood whispered, his voice oddly monotone. It was clear, from the blank expression in his eyes and his smoothened features, that Greenwood was trying to assume some semblance of calm. Perhaps, he wished to appear uninvested in Kara's answer, so as not to upset her with the intense pressure of their situation. But the poor man wasn't doing a very good job at hiding his true emotions. He sat back a little too rigidly in his chair, and his knuckles were white with the strain of grasping onto the arm rests. Greenwood desperately wanted good news, even if that good news was unlikely.

"I have four locations," Kara confirmed, and it was as if an invisible tension had drained from the room, freeing its occupants of an oppressive darkness.

Kara felt especially liberated, enough to visualize herself in Nardia, a free woman. In her mind's eye, Kara could see herself at a local Nardian pub, with a pint of amber beer in her hand and maybe some fried frog meat on a skewer. Kara decided that, once free, she would stay up all night dancing with strangers and getting progressively drunk, until the local talent actually sounded good. Then in morning, Kara would find a grassy hill and climb it, so that she could watch the sun rise over the landscape, covering it in dark orange and bright pink tones. God, Kara hadn't seen the sun rise in a long time. In Calihistra, Kara had never voluntarily stayed up late or woken up early to watch a sunrise. Her parents had to force her into it, even on New Years Day, when the "Dawning of the Future" was celebrated. But now, for some odd reason, Kara didn't think she could survive another day without a sunrise.

Of course, accompanying Kara's joy was a feeling of sinister satisfaction. After all, Kara had finally beaten Arlington. Despite a full week of torturous training sessions and twisted mind games, Kara would leave Isleydor intact, unbroken by one of the world's best interrogators. Better yet, she would leave knowing that her freedom was both earned and well deserved. After all, Arlington had tried to thwart Kara's plan of escape, and Kara had defeated him. Despite Arlington's creepy, mind reading talents, Kara had managed to hide the secret of Greenwood and Alyssa from her lord. The bastard had fucked up. The dick wad had failed. God, Kara liked the taste of those words between her teeth, together like that: Arlington and Failed. Although the terms "Arlington" and "Dick Wad" also went well together. So many choices; So little time.

"I found a single sheet of paper, containing details on the Parallel Project," Kara continued. "And then, I memorized four of the locations listed." She watched with warm satisfaction as Greenwood's stern features melted away to form a more human face. His eyes were lighting up now, disbelieving but overjoyed. "But I'm a little worried," Kara admitted, casting her eyes momentarily downward. "Will that be enough? For bartering purposes, I mean?"

But Greenwood, ecstatic, was quick to reassure Kara. "Now, don't go thinking like that," he laughed, standing to his feet and rushing over to embrace the girl. He smelt of sandalwood and his skin felt warm and comforting against Kara's own. It had been weeks since anyone had touched her with something besides evil intent, let alone affection, and Kara allowed herself to enjoy the safety of Greenwood's massive body.

"Please, for the love of god, don't fret," Greenwood continued, the happiness in his voice serene. "What you have is more than enough, I can promise you that. Like I said, Nardia's intelligence is grasping at straws. They would take far less than what you have to offer." And patting Kara on the back, Greenwood withdrew from his monstrous bear hug. There was a grin on his lips, genuine and boyish, which seemed out of place on the man's typically solemn face. But with escape so close at hand, the color was returning to Greenwood's cheeks, giving the man a softer look. And with that, Greenwood gestured enthusiastically at Alyssa, motioning for her to come forward and join them in celebration. 

But strangely, Alyssa ignored Greenwood's shouts of excitement and his enthusiastic waving. In fact, Alyssa didn't look the least bit enthralled by the trio's good fortune. If anything, there was a darkness to her expression that was almost depressed, or maybe even guilty. Rather than joining in Greenwood's embrace, Alyssa remained standing beside the window, the autumn light illuminating her stern features and her short blue locks, which were tied back in a pony tail. Kara tried to better read the woman's expression, but the hood of Alyssa's jacket was up, so that her face was overcast with shadow. 

"Do you have a copy of the document?" Alyssa asked Kara, her voice grim and serious. 

"No," Kara replied, a little irritated. Alyssa's tone sounded accusing. But Kara couldn't keep a copier in her skirts or under her collar. How the hell was she supposed to have copied the document down? By hand? There hadn't been enough time. And besides, Kara had been successful in her mission. The trio were all going home, so what right did Alyssa have to be upset or judgmental? But rather than voice her anger, Kara bit her tongue. She was still dependent on both Alyssa and Greenwood for an escape route, and didn't wish to make either angry by becoming defensive.

"I'm sorry," Kara offered instead, though reluctantly. "There wasn't enough time to copy anything down. I memorized a few key terms, and that was all I could manage."

"And that, I think, is more than enough," Greenwood began, his features as bright and hopeful as ever. "So, if you please, Alyssa---"

But Alyssa had no time for Greenwood. In fact, she ignored his words completely. Stepping away from the window, her muscles bunched up like a cat's, Alyssa approached Kara with a determined air, not unkind but demanding. She removed a pad of paper and a pencil from her hoodie as she walked. When Alyssa was a mere foot away from Kara, she shoved the items into the slave's hands, and pointed to a blank sheet.

"Write it down," Alyssa insisted, her tone forbidding any argument. "Write all four locations down on this sheet of paper, so that you won't forget them. Then, I'll hang onto the information, until we meet up with our respective guardians."

"Now, see here," Greenwood insisted, suddenly concerned. Quickly, he snatched the pad of paper away from Kara, and looked at her with an apologetic air. "I don't think that's a good idea, Alyssa," he told the Weapons Specialist. "In the unlikely event that we're caught, having physical evidence of intelligence like this," and he waved the pad of paper around, "could cause us problems. Hell, it could even get us killed. Better if Kara keeps whatever information she's got tucked away in her mind. I doubt she will forget it. Then, when we get out of Isleydor, we can discuss the details." And with that, Greenwood crossed the room and headed for the liquor cabinet. "It's still a little early," he admitted, turning toward Kara with a smile. "But this is a special occasion. What's your drink, sweetheart?" 

"I don't have a route for her, Greenwood," Alyssa said quietly, but unapologetic. "She needs to write her intel down."

Upon hearing this, Kara turned to Greenwood for direction, unsure of what was going on. What was a route? Would Kara need one of those? 

But Greenwood wasn't moving. Kara couldn't even see his chest rise and fall as he breathed. Furthermore, his features were no longer joyous and excited, but grim. "Please tell me you are joking," Greenwood hissed, turning toward Alyssa with rage in his eyes. "You had better have a very, very good reason for this, Alyssa. Are they taking us in pairs, or something?"

"No," Alyssa replied, her voice curt. She lit a cigarette then, her face betraying neither concern nor care as it suddenly glowed in the open flame of a match. "But Kara doesn't have any combat or stealth experience," Alyssa insisted. Then, with an exhale, her face was obscured by smoke, before reappearing suddenly. "My contact and I talked about it, and we both agree that Arlington's slave will only slow us down. But you'd be doing the right thing, by staying behind," Alyssa told Kara, her voice gentle. And she gripped both of Kara's shoulders in a strange embrace. "You'd be doing both us and Nardia's intelligence a huge favor."

"Excuse me?" Kara very nearly screamed, and she ripped her arms free of Alyssa's grasp. "Are you insinuating that, after all I've been through to save your asses, you intend to leave me behind? With Arlington? Do you have any idea what I've suffered at his hands? What that evil bastard is capable of?" Kara couldn't believe what she was hearing. She was angry, sure. But Kara was also aghast. She hadn't thought it possible, that her allies could betray her like this. And there was panic, too. Kara could see her happy fantasies fading away, of the pub and of the sunrise in Nardia, only to be replaced by Lord Arlington's sinister face. Kara opened her mouth then, to scream and shout and curse Alyssa out, but Greenwood beat her to it.

"You fucking bitch," Greenwood growled, and his voice was surprisingly matter-of-fact beneath all the anger. With quick, determined steps, he strode toward Alyssa and then stopped, a mere three inches from her face. His fists were trembling by his sides, and Kara wondered if he might hit her. But he didn't. "I don't know what's happened to you, Alyssa. But right now, I couldn't care less. I thought, at the very least, that the woman I love would have some degree of integrity!" 

"It's not personal," Alyssa insisted, as Greenwood coughed in a wreath of her cigarette smoke. "It's business only."

"Do I look like the kind of man who respects such arbitrary distinctions?" Greenwood screamed, in the midst of another coughing fit. "You let Kara assume all of the risk, for our sake. We are literally about to ride on her tailcoats to freedom, Alyssa." And he gestured wildly toward Kara. "Yet, you want to leave her behind, after all of that? Have you no shame, or have you just gone mad?" Greenwood lost it then, and raised his fist as if to strike Alyssa, but caught himself just in time.

Alyssa didn't even flinch. If anything, she looked amused. "You're gonna hit me, Greenwood?" Alyssa smiled, tossing her cigarette onto the carpet and stamping it out. "You aren't gonna hit me. You're just a big ole teddy bear." 

"Maybe I am," Greenwood admitted, his eyes hurt and his tone frightening. The man then lowered his fist by his side, defeated. "But I'm not going to let you betray a friend and an ally, who has risked everything to save our sorry asses. Your contact should still be in town. You're going to go find him, get a third underground route, and be back here in an hour." Alyssa opened her mouth to argue, but Greenwood shut her up with a look. "Or I am not going," he told her, his voice threatening. "And you will be on your own."

This response seemed to surprise and upset Alyssa. Instantly, her smug features dissolved away, leaving behind only worry and a hint of guilt. But Alyssa did not give into Greenwood's demands immediately. Instead, she began searching her partner's features for a hint of weakness or a break in his forceful demeanor. 

Alyssa's eyes were awfully intense as she stared Greenwood down, but the double neither turned away nor blinked an eye under Alyssa's gaze. He wanted her to see the resolve in his heart. And she must have for, a moment later, Alyssa was huffing angrily, before putting the hood of her jacket down, flipping open a cell phone, and trotting out of the room. 

"Are you going to leave me?" Kara hissed, once Alyssa was gone. Her eyes were aflame, but also concerned and accusatory. "And what about Alyssa? Is she really trust worthy? Will she give us away?"

Greenwood winced guilty at Kara's tone, then bowed his head shamefully. It was clear that he had no intention of leaving Kara behind. "I am extremely sorry about that," Greenwood insisted, and he approached Kara warily. "Listen, sweetheart. Alyssa is....Oh, I don't know. Overly pragmatic? A little too cold? But she'll follow through. That's just the arrangement we have. And I don't see what choice you have, other than to believe me and give this a shot." His voice was a little apologetic, embarrassed even. 

And, Kara realized, Greenwood had a point. So, rather than throwing a temper tantrum, Kara sat down on the carpet and decided to let bygones be bygones. But she was only interested in talking business now, and any affection she'd had for Greenwood and Alyssa was long gone. "Alright," Kara sighed, toying with her glass of water. "Why don't you explain to me how this is going to work. Clearly, I haven't the slightest idea what an "underground route" is, or how you're going to get rid of this annoying tracker." And she pointed to the raised lump in her back. 

"Sounds good," Greenwood replied, relieved to be moving on. Carefully, he sat down in an arm chair across from Kara and sighed, trying to regain some composure after their recent upset. When, finally, calm had returned, Greenwood spoke. "Here is the deal," he began. "Our first order of business is to deactivate that tracker implanted in your back. But getting a Martkorp Deactivation Unit is both difficult and expensive. Just yesterday, I found an unslaver willing to let me rent one, but it was a last minute arrangement, and the device hasn't arrived yet. It should be on my back porch sometime this evening, and once Arlington leaves for the night, we should be able to try it out. His lordship has to go to Bremmington tonight, and has already asked me to watch you."

Kara nodded, satisfied. That seemed to be a simple enough procedure. "Alright then," she pressed. "What's an underground route?"

"Well now, explaining that will be a little more difficult," Greenwood admitted. "But, I beg you, bear with me." And Kara watched as Greenwood stared up into the ceiling, trying to figure out the best method of explanation. "The idea is this," he finally began, after a long silence. "You don't want to make this kind of escape in a large group. Large groups are unwieldy, difficult to coordinate, and clumsy. They are more likely to be tracked down than, say, an individual. Plus, it's a good idea to spread out a bit. That way, if one person gets caught, the others still have a chance at escape. Are you following me so far?"

Kara nodded. That all made sense to her.

"Good," Greenwood replied, pleased. "Very good. So then, this is how the escape will work. When Alyssa comes back, each one of us will get a sealed envelope, containing our personalized "underground route." An "underground route" is nothing more than a series of instructions, specific to your situation, that describes where you ought to go and what you ought to do in order to meet up with your guardian. He'll be a Nardian Intelligence Operative, sent to escort you out of the city and to some central location, where we'll meet up. Only the guardians will know the exact nature of the central location, however. They'll be well versed in interrogation resistance, so that will be safest for everyone involved. Still following me?"

"Kind of," Kara admitted. She wanted to make sure that, before the evening was out, no questions remained in her mind. "So, if I am to understand you, we won't be escaping together? We'll be taking different routes out of the city, following different guardians?"

"Exactly," Greenwood praised. "That is exactly right. Tonight, each of us will open our own envelopes, at precisely midnight, and will follow the instructions within. But, you must wait until midnight to open the envelope, or else the timing of your escape will be off and you'll miss your guardian. And you must not tell Alyssa nor myself what your instructions are. That way, if one of us gets caught, we won't be able to give your location away. And that's the gist of it," Greenwood finally finished. "Any questions?"

But Kara shook her head. She didn't have any further questions for Greenwood, nor any worries that needed to be addressed.

Kara spent the remainder of the afternoon enjoying Greenwood's record collection. It was lovely to be able to sit in front of the fireplace, sipping on water and juice, without cuffs around her wrists or a collar around her neck. And, to be honest, Kara needed some time to recuperate after Arlington's latest training session. Greenwood must have known that, and he gave Kara her space. He also had the sense not to ask any questions. For that, Kara was immensely grateful. Honestly, after tonight, she never wanted to speak of nor hear of Arlington ever again. As far as Kara was concerned, Arlington would become nothing but a distant nightmare to her, to be forgotten soon after the Nardian border was crossed.
But eventually, evening came to pass, cloaking the neighborhood in darkness. And so, reluctantly, Kara allowed Greenwood to put her cuffs and collar back on, in preparation for Arlington's return. Yet, she couldn't help but twitch as the cold leather touched her hot skin, causing Greenwood to wince sympathetically. Every time Kara flinched, he flinched, as if they were playing a game of Copy Cat. It would have been funny, under any other circumstances.

"I am so, so sorry," Greenwood apologized, over and over again, as he cuffed Kara's hands in front of her. "Really, I am. But just a few more hours to go, right? And I know you have the will to last a few more hours."

Obediently, Kara knelt on a little throw pillow beside Arlington's assigned seat, and willed herself to get into character. It was hard to get comfortable, though. Hidden in Kara's panties were her underground route and a small dagger Greenwood had given her, in case something went wrong. It was sheathed, but Kara still worried that it might escape its leather casing and bite into her flesh. Or, probably worse, fall out from between her legs and give the lot of them away. Although, Kara had to admit, her panties fit snugly and she was probably worried for nothing. 

Alyssa, meanwhile, was completely nude and bound once more to the wooden "X" before the fireplace, practicing a feigned struggle. Greenwood, too, was preparing for the night's events, pouring over the board meeting's itinerary. Kara could tell by the look on Greenwood's face that he was back in character, and was very slightly frightened by that fact. The Greenwood who had befriended Arlington was brutal, so Kara was sure to remain quiet and unobtrusive. 

Soon, however, people were filing into the room and sitting down in their respective seats, greeting Greenwood cordially and pouring themselves glasses of wine or bourbon. And then, Kara knew that Arlington was there with her. He didn't speak, but Kara could feel his predatory presence behind her, and he ruffled the girl's hair before sitting down.

"How was she?" Arlington asked Greenwood, petting Kara idly and picking up a printed itinerary from the meeting table.

"Not bad," Greenwood mused, pouring himself a glass of wine. "She fidgets a lot though, my lord. But I suppose you'll get around to that eventually." And he laughed. God, Greenwood could laugh as cruelly as Arlington when he wanted to, and Kara found that impressive.

The rest of the War Time Operations Board was soon assembled at the meeting table. And, Kara realized, she recognized all of the faces from before: Arlington, Greenwood, Lady Charlotte, Myiat, Judith, and Torts. Of course, since eye contact restrictions were in effect, Kara could only venture the occasional upward glance. But she didn't mind. The faces around Kara were sinister anyway, and she preferred not to look at them. 

There was lots of noise as the present company got settled, and Arlington quickly red through the evening schedule. He seemed about ready to start, when a messenger came in and presented Arlington with a manila envelope, before bowing and heading back out. Confused, Kara watched as Arlington pulled a large photograph from the folder, although she couldn't see the image it depicted. And ever so slowly, Lord Arlington's eyes furrowed, first with confusion and then with a strange expression of triumph. Without a word, he slid the photograph to Greenwood. And then, ever so slightly, Greenwood paled.

"Do you know what this is?" Arlington asked, and his voice was so sinister that room was suddenly quiet. But Greenwood didn't answer, and Kara could feel herself growing worried. "Because it looks like your slave, on the corner of Beaumont and Trenton," Arlington pressed, pointing out indicators in the picture that Kara couldn't see. "This photo was taken by one of Charlotte's men just four hours ago." Which was, Kara realized, precisely when Alyssa had left that afternoon. "And while I can understand that Alyssa might have gotten out, I can't imagine why she would want to come back. Why is that, Alan? Why would Alyssa break free, only to come back to you? She doesn't look too terribly comfortable, strung up on that cross."

It happened in under a second, and Kara was amazed that anyone was able to move that fast. One minute, Alyssa was tied to the wooden "X" before the fireplace. The next minute, she had broken free of her chains and was somersaulting across the floor. Quick as she was able, Alyssa reached under the closest arm chair and withdrew a loaded pistol that had been bolted under the seat. She only got two shots in before Arlington had overturned the meeting table, allowing the War Time Operations Board to use it as a shield, but Alyssa didn't miss.

There was a splatter of blood and a sudden cry as Lady Charlotte collapsed, her left arm limp and her right knee cap shattered. She was clutching her injured knee with her good arm, cursing profusely, as Torts dragged her away to safety. And though Kara was terrified, it was satisfying to hear someone from their side screaming for a change. 

"Kill that bitch!" Charlotte screamed, her voice hoarse from pain. "Goddamn it, kill her! Kill her, now!" 

But Alyssa wasn't an idiot, and quickly ducked behind a wooden chest. It was a good thing too, for not a minute later, a spray of bullets were embedding themselves in the wood, creating a sound not unlike raindrops against a roof. "Help me, Greenwood!" Alyssa screamed from behind her shelter, checking the barrel of her gun for ammo. "For god's sake, help me!" But Alyssa was unable to locate Greenwood as the assault on her continued, trapping her where she sat crouched. 

When, finally, there was a pause in gunfire, Alyssa figured it was because her enemies were reloading. Quickly, she dove out from behind her shelter and rushed the War Time Operations Board, hoping to do as much damage as possible before being shot and killed. When Arlington stood from behind the overturned table, Alyssa cocked her gun with deadly intent, but didn't pull the trigger quick enough. For a man as massive as Arlington, he was ridiculously fast. In a moment, he had gripped Alyssa's wrist and twisted it painfully, so that she dropped her gun. But Alyssa's fists were also deadly weapons, and she threw a rapid punch in Arlington's direction. But, to Kara's horror, she missed.

Arlington ducked out of the way, his footwork impressive. Then, with renewed vigor, he threw several punches Alyssa's way. Backing out of reach, the Weapon's Specialist put her fists up to her face for protection, dodging each blow with relative ease. But Arlington was backing Alyssa into a corner, and when she realized his intention, Alyssa tried to hold her ground. 

It was a mistake. 

The next time Alyssa threw a punch, Arlington caught her fist and threw her into a glass display case. There was an awful popping noise as Alyssa's shoulder became dislocated and the glass behind her shattered, so that several shards embedded themselves in her back. But Alyssa didn't cry out. Hell, she didn't even flinch. Grabbing a shard of glass from the now ruined display case, she wielded it as a weapon and slashed away at Arlington, making a deep cut along his forearm, so that he cursed. Now done with Alyssa's games, Arlington reached into his cloak for a pistol, when there was a cry from Greenwood.

"For god's sake, don't hurt her," Greenwood begged, his voice soft and pleading. "For god's sake, Arlington, don't hurt her. She's practically unarmed now, and I am willing to trade a lot of information for her safety." Kara saw that the double agent was standing now, his hands raised above his head in surrender. 

And, miraculously, Arlington moved his hand away from the holster on his hip. 

This seemed to disturb Alyssa, for she watched Arlington with concerned eyes. "Greenwood," she hissed, her voice betraying intense worry. "Greenwood, what do you think you are doing?"

There were guards now, in black body suits, approaching Alyssa on all sides. They stepped forward cautiously, even though they far outnumbered Alyssa and were all heavily armed. Alyssa, on the other hand, was still completely nude, injured, and bearing only a shard of glass, which had cut into her hand so that it was dripping red with blood.

"Don't do this, Greenwood," Alyssa begged, as she backed away. "Don't let Arlington turn me into a weapon. For god's sake, don't let him turn me into a weapon." 

"It's alright, Alyssa," Greenwood cooed, trying to sound confident and in control. But there was a slight tremor beneath his tone, and Kara could tell that the man was terrified. "It's alright, Alyssa. Really, I'll handle this."

"Like hell you will!" Alyssa screamed, vigor returning to her. With rage etched into her features, Alyssa charged the nearest guard, grabbed him by the arm, and flipped him onto his back. While he gasped for breath, Alyssa turned to her next opponent, downing him with a well placed punch. But a moment later, she was overwhelmed by several more guards, and all hope was lost. 

As the guards pushed Alyssa to the floor, cuffing her in the process, the Weapons Specialist struggled madly, twisting like a slippery fish beneath her opponents. "How dare you let them do this to me!" she screamed, turning burning eyes toward Greenwood. "Traitor! Coward! How dare you let Arlington reduce me from a human being into a tool for manipulation! Don't give him anything! Don't give him a single goddamn inch! If you really loved me, you wouldn't do this! You'd shut your mouth and let them shoot me!"

Alyssa must have hit a nerve, because Greenwood was suddenly screaming at her. "Do not tell me how to love you!" he cried, his face angry and sad. But underneath his tone, there was also intense hurt. "Goddamn it woman, don't tell me how to love you! I will love you however I damn well please, and you will just have to live with that! I will love you however I god damn please!" And a moment later, Alyssa had been dragged from the room.

"Frisk him," Arlington ordered. And, without further delay, a guard had approached Greenwood. The double agent sighed, resigned to the situation, and spread his legs for the procedure. When the guard was done, all of Greenwood's weapons had been taken from him, two pistols and a dagger among them.

"Have a seat," Arlington continued, his tone casual. "And keep your hands outstretched on the table in front, where I can see them." But Greenwood knew it was an order and, cautiously, obeyed. The room was quiet then, except for Charlotte's silent cursing. But when she had been carried from the room to an ambulance downstairs, even that noise was absent. "So," Arlington began, sitting across from from the double. "This is rather disappointing. I really liked you, Greenwood. But then again, that's not your real name, is it?" The question was both earnest and sincere.

But Greenwood shook his head insistently. "Intelligence only," the double replied, his voice clipped, but very serious. "Personal information wasn't part of the deal. I can give you some minor details on an insurgent group in Calihistra, and even the location of a dynamite mine. But no names, Arlington."

"So, in other words," Arlington grinned, lighting a cigar, "you have have a wife and kids back home?"

"Spare me, Arlington," Greenwood hissed, his eyes betraying nothing. "We've been working side by side for the past five years. By now, I ought to know how you operate, and your mind fuckery won't work with me. So please, don't waste my time. I am offering information in exchange for Alyssa's guaranteed safety, and I want a straight forward deal. I don't think that's too terribly unreasonable."

Arlington thought for a moment, but then nodded. "No, you're right," his lordship replied. "That isn't unreasonable of you, and I suppose we can work something out." And Arlington turned toward a guard. "Garrett," he called, his voice clipped. "Have Mr. Greenwood here transported to Bremmington. Cell Block E." But as Garrett stepped toward Greenwood to fulfill the order, Myiat stood pointedly to her feed.

"This is Alan we're talking about!" Myiat hissed, her black locks a mess, probably from ducking for cover. After all, Myiat had been avoiding gunfire with the rest of the War Time Operations Board. It was possible that she'd even fired at Alyssa. "Double agent or not, Alan has saved your life more than once, Arlington. He's deserves better, and I won't allow this." The general's black eyes were aflame with something peculiar as she spoke, and she actively avoided Greenwood's glance, even as he turned toward her. "You cannot treat Alan like this. It is most unbecoming of a lord, if I may be so bold."

"You're skating on thin ice, Myiat," Arlington hissed, his eyes intrigued. "Why don't you take a time out? Go grab a coffee or something?" He motioned toward the door enthusiastically, indicating that Myiat should leave, and quickly. "After all, you do not seem to be in a reasonable frame of mind."

"Don't patronize me, Arlington," Myiat growled, and she placed a hand threateningly on the holster of her gun. Arlington mimicked the gesture and the two squared off, but Myiat didn't budge. "I'm under the protection of Lord Sillias, Arlington. You don't have the authority to talk to me that way, and I'll be damned if I allow myself to be bullied by the likes of you. Stop throwing out idle threats, and grow some balls. If you wish to have me demoted, then fill out the god damn paper work, and let it be over with!"

And with that, Myiat begrudgingly moved her hand from her hip and walked off, her black cloak trailing behind her. With a flick of her wrist, the general motioned for her body guards to fall in step behind her and like shadows, they were gone.

As Greenwood was led away in cuffs, Kara tried to remain calm. From behind the upturned meeting table, where Kara had been pushed, she peered at Lord Arlington, waiting. First, Kara waited to be dragged off to prison. Then, Kara waited to be taken home and encased in the coffin. Because, surely, Arlington knew of Kara's escape plan. He knew that Greenwood and Alyssa were spies. Logically, he must also know that Kara had been recruited to steal intel for them. But as the minutes ticked by, Kara realized that no one was paying any attention to her, least of all Lord Arlington. And in a moment, Mister Karp had arrived, to take Kara home on her master's orders. 

As she was led outside and into the evening air, Kara realized that Arlington was oblivious. But the realization was hard to accept, and Kara resisted. Mister Karp was on the curb now, gesturing toward the dark interior of a cab. But Kara couldn't bring herself to obey and, instead, turned back toward Greenwood's home. For a moment, Kara sat staring at the front porch, and expected Arlington to suddenly burst through the the entry way, his eyes livid. He would rush down the front steps, an accusatory finger pointed at Kara. There would be cruelty in the man's eyes, too. And of course, his characteristic smile. But Kara's fantasy was suddenly interrupted, unfinished. For Mister Karp had grown impatient, and tossed Kara into the back seat of the vehicle without a word.

Following Greenwood's arrest, the entire neighborhood was blocked off with police tape and the traffic was subsequently held up for miles. As a result, it was an hour before Kara arrived back at Arlington's home. She was more calm and collected then, but also strangely horrified. Kara's underground route was useless now, since the tracking device embedded in her back was still activated. And without a Martkorp Deactivation Unit, Kara couldn't leave Arlington's manor to meet up with her designated guardian. It was such a shame for Kara to have an underground route in her hands and yet, be unable to use it. 

Mister Karp was obviously tired as he led Kara up stairs and down a long hallway. It took a moment, but Kara eventually realized that Mister Karp was not leading her into Arlington's bedroom. He was leading Kara to her old living quarters, the windowless room beside an extraneous living space. Arlington wouldn't be coming home until late---he had spies to deal with, after all---and probably didn't want to disturb his slave's sleep when he returned. And sure enough, Kara soon found herself in the little living space beside her room, when a powerful urge hit. It was a strong urge, determined and sudden, which overwhelmed Kara in strange ways. She couldn't let an underground route go to waste, Kara realized. To do so would be both foolish and regretful. And with that, a brilliant idea blossomed in Kara's mind.

Kara acted quickly, and was lucky that Mister Karp was tired. The handler's reflexes were slow, and in an instant, Kara had removed her dagger from the sheath beneath her clothes and was pressing the surprisingly sharp blade to Mister Karp's throat. The conquest slave knew that the handler was far stronger than she and, if given enough time, would be able to spring away and subdue her. Clearly, brute strength would be a foolish tactic. It was time for Kara to take a page out of Lord Arlington's book, and try her hand at a little mind fuckery. 

"I'm sure you know that I'm a medic," Kara began, trying to sound as sinister as possible. She took her time then, dragging her blade across a prominent bulge in Mister Karp's neck. "This thing here," she told him, "is the carotid artery. It carries oxygenated blood to the head, and when you consider just how fucking close your heart is to your head, you can imagine the rate at which this fucker pumps blood." Kara pressed the blade ever harder against the handler then, to emphasize her point, watching as he stiffened under her grasp. "A man your size probably contains---Oh, I don't know---maybe five liters of blood? Trust me, if I cut this little vessel right here, you'll be emptied of blood so fast that only half of your life will have time to flash before your eyes. Nod, if you get my drift. Scream, and I will kill you."

It worked, for Mister Karp nodded then, perhaps a little too enthusiastically. The handler was also trembling every so slightly under Kara's fingertips, and the medic smiled to herself. She needed Mister Karp to fear for his life, if she intended to extract information from him. And to up the intensity, Kara tenderly drew her dagger across Mister Karp's throat, watching him gasp piteously as a small cut made its mark. Excellent. Kara's victim was ready for questioning. 

"Where does Arlington keep Tamius Sue?" Kara demanded, her tone merciless and threatening. 

"In your old cell," Mister Karp answered, his voice a hoarse whisper. "You know, the stone cell. Without any windows."

Kara silently heaved a sigh of relief. If Mister Karp spoke the truth---and he certainly seemed sincere---then Tamius Sue was in Arlington's torture room, down the hallway to Kara's left. That meant Tamius would be accessible, and Kara's plan had promise after all. Still, she would need a code in order to get Tamius free, and Mister Karp would need to give it to her.

"The code, you idiot!" Kara spat, and the handler shuddered fearfully. "I need the god damn code! And don't even think about lying to me, or I swear to god, I will shove this thing into your occipital lobe, and you'll never see again." Kara caressed the base of Mister Karp's skull with her blade, trying to do so with confidence and prowess. She wasn't sure the blade could pierce a man's skull, but the handler wasn't taking any chances, and answered Kara quickly.

"Seven, ten, and forty-nine!" Mister Karp gasped. "I swear, that's it! Seven, ten, and forty-nine!"

"Such a good boy," Kara cooed, and she reached around Mister Karp's belt for his tazer. Before the man could react, she pressed the device into his side, watching as convulsions rippled through his body. Then, quite suddenly, the handler's limbs went limp, and Mister Karp fell forward onto the carpet. Kara poked his side tentatively then, to make sure he was indeed unconscious, before grabbing an arm. The man was ridiculously heavy, but Kara couldn't just leave him lying on the floor. If he woke up before Kara's plan came to fruition, all would be lost. Luckily, Arlington's torture room was filled with restraints, and it was easy enough for Kara to bind and then gag the sleeping man. 
Now done with Mister Karp, Kara strode purposefully toward her old cell and paused before the door. It was still as imposing as ever, with a thick lock reminiscent of a bank vault's. Kara could remember her first night in that cell, which had been completely dark. Light hadn't even shown under the door or around its edges, since there were no cracks for light to shine through. And with a shake of her head, Kara punched in the code, watching as the door swung open with a grace unbecoming of such a massive entity. It was dark inside, certainly. But there was a white creature on the floor. 

Not a white creature, Kara realized. It was a girl in a straight jacket.

Kara approached cautiously as the girl struggled in her bondage, very clearly frightened. It was definitely Tamius Sue. For although the girl was gagged and blind folded, she had the same basic physique as Kara's fallen general and the same gorgeous, blond hair. Her footsteps tentative, Kara realized that the next phase of her plan would have to be handled very, very delicately.

Tamius Sue was on the defensive, and if released, she might beat Kara into a fine pulp. Even more worrisome, Tamius Sue was undoubtedly traumatized, and had probably been handled very harshly. After all, Arlington considered Tamius Sue to be his greatest challenge, and Kara thought her own punishments unspeakably cruel. If the medic didn't approach her plan with prowess, she could push Tamius Sue into a state of shock. Kara could not forgive herself if that happened.

"My name is Kara Chrystein," Kara began, keeping her voice soft and nonthreatening. "I am not here to hurt you, but to rescue you." Kara waited then, to see if Tamius would stop struggling. At the very least, Kara needed Tamius to acknowledge her presence. But despite Kara's words, Tamius continued to fight against her restraints. In fact, her flailing motions had become even more fervent and there were now panicked moans beneath the gag. It was almost as if the general couldn't hear Kara.

Oh, god, Kara realized. Tamius was wearing earplugs, which meant that the woman could neither hear, see, speak, nor move. And at the sight of Tamius before her, maddened by the lack of stimuli, Kara suddenly grew nauseous and had to look away. How long had Arlington kept Tamius like that, in complete sensory deprivation? Hours? Days? A Week? 

Kara bent down next to Tamius then, to remove the earplugs. From a medical perspective, Kara wished she had more time to reintroduce Tamius to sensory stimuli. Normally, you wanted to do these sorts of things gradually. But, quite frankly, time was limited. And so, with little ceremony, Kara removed both earplugs from Tamius' ears. Not surprisingly, the fallen general panicked when a hand touched her cheek, and thrashed ever more violently. And as she watched the poor woman scream, Kara hoped that Tamius would have the strength, in spite of her torment, to escape while she had the chance.

"My name is Kara Chrystein, a conquest slave belonging to Arlington," Kara repeated, once the earplugs had been removed. "I am not here to hurt you, but to rescue you." 

And, thankfully, Tamius Sue stilled.

"I am going to free you of those bindings now," Kara continued, watching as Tamius' breathing evened out. "My guess is that they are locked on, and I don't have time to find a key. So, of course, the cloth will have to be cut away. But don't worry. I promise not to hurt you. Please nod, if you understand me."

Tamius nodded then, and Kara was overjoyed by the reaction. Scrounging around in Arlington's torture room, Kara soon found a pair of scissors in a nearby drawer, before returning to Tamius. Diligently, she first cut away Tamius' gag, and then her blindfold. Kara only moved onto the straight jacket when Tamius could see Kara's face, and could ascertain that the medic was no enemy. And as soon as the last strips of cloth had been cut away, Kara jumped away from Tamius, anticipating the worst. 

"Are you okay?" Kara asked the general, throwing her scissors away so as not to appear threatening.

At first, Tamius ignored Kara completely, allowing overwhelming sensations to course through her body and then soften. Kara noticed that the general's eyes teared in the light. And, even more interesting, she was wobbly on her feet from many hours of restraint. But once the initial shock of sensation was over, Tamius turned toward Kara with a confident air. She was a beautiful woman, even following hours of torment. The muscles beneath Tamius' white gown twitched dangerously, as gorgeous as a lion's. And the fire beneath the general's eyes burned with an intensity rivaling that of the sun.

"No," Tamius told the medic, her voice tense. "I'm not alright. But you said you had a rescue planned, and I'll be damned if a little sensory deprivation is going to keep me from such an opportunity. So, why don't you tell me where we stand?"

"Long story short?" Kara began, and she stepped back toward Tamius. It was weird, but the danger of the situation had made them instant friends, and Kara felt at ease in Tamius' presence, now that she knew the woman was sane. "Simply put, I have an underground route that I can't use," Kara continued. "It will only be good for the night. And so, I'd like you to have it." And Kara pushed the aforementioned envelope-crumpled, but intact-into Tamius' hands.

"I don't get it," Tamius admitted, smoothening out the envelope's wrinkled corners. "Why is this route good for me, but not for you?"

"There's nothing wrong with the actual route," Kara explained, her voice calm and collected. "But with my tracking implant still activated, I can't risk the journey. It was supposed be deactivated this evening but, well, that didn't happen." And Kara saw Greenwood in her mind's eye, begging for Alyssa's safety. God, his grey eyes had been so terribly sad...

"And you don't think I have a tracking implant?" Tamius asked incredulously, pointing to the lump along her back. "As much as I'd like to accept your offer, I think we have the same problem."

"No, we don't," Kara replied, and her voice permitted no argument. It was certainty made sound. "As a medic," Kara continued, "I can remove your tracking implant, but I can't remove mine. It would be impossible to perform such a delicate surgery on my own back, but I could probably take care of yours in under twenty minutes. If we're going to do this, though, we have to act fast. That envelope needs to be opened by midnight." And Kara turned toward Tamius, a grin of perverse satisfaction on her lips at the prospect of winning---just once---against Lord Arlington. "So are you in, or not?"

"Oh, I'm in," Tamius grinned back, the fire in her eyes brightening. "I guess Arlington picked the wrong slave to fuck with, huh?"

Kara believed that the compliment would warm her heart for a years to come, and was very grateful for that. Perhaps, it would even keep Kara going long after Tamius left, when the medic found herself in a dark hole, never again to see the light of day. For, surely, such a fate awaited anyone who dared to free Arlington's most prized slave.

But enough about that...

Kara rummaged around Arlington's torture room as quickly as she was able, gathering together all the unnecessary supplies. With the mindset of a medic keeping her calm, Kara managed to find disinfectant, latex gloves, several scalpels, and even a a small face mask. But the one thing Kara couldn't find was a strong, local anesthetic. Kara could have used chloroform, of course. But it would be unwise to knock out Tamius Sue completely. It would take hours for her to awaken and recuperate after being put to sleep, and as soon as the procedure was over with, the general needed to flee.

"We're fucked," Kara told Tamius, searching diligently through a number of drawers which had already been searched and found wanting. "There isn't any local anesthesia in here strong enough for this kind of surgery. I've got benzocaine and lidocaine, but they won't do anything for you."

"And why is that?" Tamius questioned, sitting awkwardly in a corner, too ignorant of the procedure to be of any help.

"They're both topical anesthetics," Kara explained, dumping the contents of an entire drawer onto the floor and sorting through the items with her foot. "In other words, once I get past skin, it'll start to fucking hurt. You don't use a topical if you have to cut through muscle." And Kara cursed the situation, kicking the useless knick-knacks before her in frustration. There was nothing there, not even morphine.

"Look, I'm a tough cookie," Tamius assured Kara, her voice certain. "I've broken bones on the battlefield and taken bullets to almost very part of my body, and then dealt with the pain when there was no more pain medication to go around. I don't need any anesthetic, especially not for a procedure that only lasts twenty minutes. Just give me something to bite down on, and let's get this show on the road. It's already eleven." And the general looked anxiously toward the only clock in the room, her voice betraying a hurriedness that made Kara uncomfortable. 

After all, Kara thought, you couldn't rush a surgery. You couldn't speed these sorts of things up, and expect the same high quality results.

"I appreciate your bravery, but that's not the real issue here," Kara explained, willing Tamius to understand and taking a deep breath to calm herself down. She needed to focus, goddamn it. Tamius' escape was dependent on Kara's medical expertise, and the little trophy slave could not afford the luxury of panic. 

"I'm gonna be cutting really close to some important nerves," Kara continued, her voice concerned. Then, she ran a hand up and down her spine, to demonstrate. "Martkorp puts its tracking implants near the spinal column precisely because it makes them difficult to remove," Kara insisted. "If you twitch while I am operating--even a little bit---you could end up paralyzed from the waist down. I am sure you're willing to endure feelings of pain, but I'm a lot more worried about your physical responses to pain. Which, by the way, can't always be controlled."

But then, an idea hit Kara, and she couldn't help it. Kara started laughing, and she couldn't seem to stop. When she finally did catch hold of herself, Kara had tears in her eyes and had to wipe them away in order to clear up her blurred vision. The idea was ridiculous, but brilliant, too. And Kara had only Lord Arlington to thank for it.

"Praise Lord Arlington," Kara grinned wickedly, giving credit where credit was due and turning toward the far wall. There, embedded in the stone, there was single, solitary drawer. When Kara opened it, Tamius looked at her with confusion, for it just kept coming and coming and coming. When the drawer was fully extended, it looked to be about the length and width of a person.

"This," Kara explained, "is the coffin. And I can personally guarantee that, while you are restrained in it, you won't be able to move a fucking inch. So, I suppose, our problem solved." And Kara rushed off to wash her hands and disinfect, still giggling a little like a maniac. Because fuck Lord Arlington, that's why. And, also, because Arlington was about to learn that karma is one mean bitch.

Ten minutes later, and Tamius was lying atop the metal bed of the coffin, her back facing upward. The general was tied down with leather straps in several places, and Kara had even retrieved a posture collar for good measure, so that Tamius couldn't move at all. The slaves had tested the set up, of course, to ensure that the operation wouldn't be dangerous. And the coffin wasn't pushed back into the wall. It was still sticking out, positioned under a bright florescent light that Kara had brought in from the living space. 

With preparations complete, Kara carefully disinfected the skin around Tamius' back and applied a little topical anesthetic because, what the hell, it was better than nothing. Then, steadying her hands, Kara made the first incision. There was blood, of course, and Kara diligently wiped it away, to keep her view clear. 

Meanwhile, Tamius was being pretty tame about the whole thing, at least for the first few minutes of the procedure. But as Kara cut ever deeper, Tamius began to groan into the leather bit she'd been given, biting ferociously into it. And though Tamius couldn't move, Kara could see her body flush red as pain began to roll through the general's body. God, Kara hated to operate without appropriate anesthesia. She had only done it a few times before, on the battlefield, when medical supplies had run low and patients were forced to use a few shots of whiskey as a pain reliever. But luckily for both Kara and Tamius, this particular procedure was short, and Kara soon had the annoying little tracking implant in her forceps. It was a simple matter afterward to sew Tamius back up, and then untie her.

Tamius' departure was quick, and unceremonious. After all, it was nearly midnight when Kara finally finished her operation, and Tamius needed to get going. But before she left, Kara gave the general her pitiful dagger, some old clothes from the windowless room, and some rope from Arlington's torture chamber. Then, with profuse thanks, Tamius opened a window in the living space, tied one end of a rope to the mantle of the fireplace, and shimmied downward into Arlington's backyard. When Tamius had safely landed, the general tugged on the rope, signaling for Kara to untie it from the mantle. Kara did so, and Tamius merely gathered the rope up and disappeared into the darkness, a free woman. And with that, Kara had done her good deed for the day. 

Kara had no illusions that she would get away with the act of kindness. Eventually, Lord Arlington would notice Tamius' absence. Then, when he found Mister Karp's unconscious body, he would realize that Kara was the responsible party. Kara would then be broken, violently and without mercy. Hell, Arlington might even kill her. But since these were inevitable, Kara decided that any stress she felt would only be wasted effort. 

Refusing to fall away into depression, Kara decided to enjoy the next several hours as best she could. Quickly, Kara locked the still unconscious Mister Karp in her old cell, then headed out into the living space. She didn't dare venture outside of the room, for fear of running into a servant. But the living space had a television, and Kara even found a drawer of snacks. 

With her feet up on the coffee table and a blanket wrapped around her middle, Kara felt pretty damn good. Before her, the television was on, displaying a sitcom. It wasn't a bad show, either. Kara laughed out loud several times, maybe even a little too boisterously. But what was a movie without the popcorn? Kara also had several snacks, which she had stolen from a little cabinet. There were mini powdered donuts, some beef jerky, a bag of gummy worms, and even a hand full of expensive looking chocolates. And Kara enjoyed eating Arlington's expensive things. More specifically, she liked ruining Arlington's expensive things, which was a pleasure in and of itself, simplistic and clean. Kara made sure that, when she opened a bottle of wine from the cooler, it was the best bottle available. And though she didn't smoke, Kara decided to try out a few or Arlington's fanciest cigars, just for the hell of it.

It was three in the morning and Tamius was long gone when the door to the living space opened. Kara looked up just in time to see Arlington, as he walked into the room. The man was startled to find Kara awake, and even more startled that she was loose in the house and watching television. But instead of getting angry, he only laughed, shutting the door behind him.

"Is this your idea of rebellion?" Arlington teased, leaning against the far wall. "Because I just caught myself a double agent, and nothing you could do would spoil my evening."

Kara couldn't have asked for a better set up if she'd written the damn thing herself. With a victorious expression on her face, Kara merely leaned back in her seat and replied, with a coy smile on her face, "Are you sure about that, my lord?" Then, with great ceremony, Kara lifted Tamius' blood encrusted tracking implant upward and into the firelight.