Author's Note: Good day, fabulous readers! Thanks so much for your patience over the past few months. I know there has been a great deal of demand for this particular chapter and I hope you enjoy it! As always, comments & ratings are SUPER appreciated so, if you have a minute or two to spare, let me know your thoughts. 

HisPet21

*

Kara couldn't sleep. No matter what she tried—warm milk, soft music, a steaming bath—nothing seemed to work. Arlington's face kept swimming before her eyes, it's malevolent grin and sharp features haunting the darkness. With that face polluting her mind's eye, there was no way Kara could safely slip into unconsciousness. Nightmares were sure to follow or, even worse, another sex dream. If she woke up wet again and drenched in sweat, Kara wasn't sure she'd be able to face Lord Arlington the next day. He already evoked far too many emotions in her: fear, anger, lust, and oddly enough, pity. That last one was new—brought on by Greenwood's omission, no doubt—and it wasn't nearly as strong as the others, but it was still there. Surely, there was a reason Arlington had become such a monster? 

No, there isn't,  Kara reprimanded herself, letting all the anger and terror of the past resurface. She allowed memories of the coffin to enter into her mind, and then of Arlington's whip. Those set her straight real quick. Evil's in Arlington's blood. Besides, even if he was like Greenwood—even if he did start out differently and then change—it's not your job to find out why. Your only job is to keep that lunatic occupied and put on a good show until negotiations are finally over.

Much of the night went by like that, with Kara contemplating fretfully, so when sunlight finally began to peak through the curtains, she was relieved. Even if the new day meant an unpleasant reunion with Arlington, anything was better than the waiting and worrying. So, with a determined air, Kara stepped out of bed and threw open the windows. Far below her sat Nulme, Nardia's Capital City, still overcast in the morning fog. Even so, Main Street was already bustling with activity, cars mingling together with horse drawn carriages and oddly shaped bicycles. Here, the bucolic atmosphere of the nation melded together with the metropolitan aura of Nardia's largest city. Kara could see businessmen chatting away on cell phones while, just a few blocks away, a farmer from out of town was riding a tractor down the road and holding up traffic. Then, lining both sides of the street, shops were opening their doors, selling everything from country sweets to fancy clothes and from pure-bred horses to high-tech computers. Kara had never seen anything quite like it. 

But there was much to do before Lord Arlington's arrival and after a quick shower, Kara was hurrying to meet her companions for their morning security briefing. Beyond her bedroom door, there was a long, red carpeted hallway lined on either side by alternating wooden doors and windows, a style characteristic of most big city inns. Then Kara's watch alarm went off and grumbling to herself, she made a run for the elevator. Since she was housed on the twenty-fourth floor of the Companion Court Hotel—the headquarters for Nardia's upcoming negotiations—it would take some time to make it to the basement. Kara had learned the previous night that the elevator was being finicky. Repairmen had recently been hired to take care of the issue, but until then, service would be slow and tardiness inevitable.

"Morning, sunshine!" Querren greeted, racing to embrace Kara as soon as the elevator doors had parted. "Nice to see you up and about!"

"Querren, she's late," Alyssa groaned, although an endearing smirk managed to escape her lips. "You can hug and kiss and ogle each other later, but we have a tour to get started."

"Alright," Querren sighed, winking affectionately at Kara and pushing her toward the rest of their tour group, which included Tamius and Ben, among others. "Let's get a move on, then."

Leading the way, Querren and Alyssa took their group down a long, narrow hallway, gloomy and gray. It consisted of nothing but concrete flooring and wet walls, yet for such an unimportant looking place, it was remarkably well guarded. Intermittently, heavy steel doors blocked the group's path and at every corner, security personnel were poised with rifles. Kara was a little irked by the whole thing, but not Alyssa or Querren. Both were decked out in top-notch military gear, complete with padded body armor. They'd been up since three in the morning or so, preparing security for that evening's reception, and made their way through the maze of hallways as if they owned the place.

"Sleep well?" Ben asked as they walked, grasping Kara gently around the waist. His touch was comforting and without meaning to, Kara found herself leaning into him. "Anymore nightmares?"

"I didn't sleep," Kara admitted, cringing slightly at the mention of her 'nightmares.' "Not that it matters. I'm awake as I'll ever be, what with today's meeting and—"

"Alrighty, folks, this is our stop," Alyssa called out, standing very seriously before a set of metallic doors, secured by a massive lock. "Many of you are going to be in close quarters with some very dangerous people tonight, so it's imperative that you understand the security system we're employing."

With that, the doors swung open to reveal a large, circular room and Kara followed her tour guides inside, feeling more than a little awestruck. She'd expected Nulme to be more technologically savvy than the rest of Nardia, but the Bureaucratic Council had gone all out in preparation for toady. Lining the room from floor to ceiling were a number of screens, featuring live footage of the entire hotel. On the far wall, Kara even spotted the door to her room. Then, at the very center of the room, a massive control panel was being operated by three young techs, all of whom smiled and waved before returning to their work. 

"The entire hotel is essentially booby-trapped," Querren explained. "In preparation for these negotiations, Nardia's security personnel have put remote controlled locking mechanisms on all of the doors and windows. There are also gas canisters throughout the ventilation system, explosive and projectile units down certain hallways, and cameras along virtually every floor. All of which can, of course, be activated from this location."

"Kind of like a fun house," Alyssa offered. "Except with deadly weaponry." 

"That sounds a little dangerous," Kara whispered to herself, but Alyssa heard anyway.

"Obviously, but isn't that the point?" Alyssa chided, indicating the control panel and its massive collection of knobs and buttons. "Isn't it true that Arlington is a sore loser and shouldn't we anticipate some kind of retaliation should negotiations go sour?"

"Yes, but—"

"Nothing's automatic and nothing's motion sensored," Querren interrupted, and there was an obvious loss of tension from the room. Apparently, Kara had been saying what everyone else had been thinking. "Nothing goes off unless one of the techs has a visual and decides to manually set something off, so you'll all be completely safe. But this way, if we're attacked, we have a major home advantage. It'll be easier to protect our people and separate them from any intervening threats."

"All of the earpieces we handed out earlier have a small button on the side, which you can use to contact me or, if I am unavailable, one of the techs," Alyssa announced, tapping her foot irritably and looking down at her watch. "Any questions? No? Good. Querren and I still have a lot of work to do. "

Kara had hoped to have breakfast with Ben and Tamius following the security briefing, but the two were immediately whisked off to discuss the protocol for Nardia's negotiations. As a hostess, Kara wouldn't be attending those, only the social events associated with them. Still, she had much to prepare for. After a doughnut and some coffee, Kara was first given a crash course on the names, ranks, and nationalities of all the attendees, then rushed off for a medical inspection. She'd wanted to have her tracker removed, as well as the hormone release unit Martkorp had implanted as a means of birth control, but the medics on staff refused to engage in any kind of surgery immediately before the negotiations. Then there was a tour of the hotel, another crash course on the proper etiquette for a hostess, a hair appointment, a nail appointment, the works! It all happened so fast that Kara could hardly believe it when the clock struck six and it was time to head to the Honorary Reception being held for Isleydor's ambassadors.

Standing nervously before the bathroom mirror, Kara glanced at herself and sighed. She didn't look like her usual self—having been made up with thick mascara and a deep red lip gloss—and yet, the scene was all too familiar. The designers hired to dress her had chosen a long, sparkling red gown to match, with a slit up one side and several golden teardrops. The color scheme was identical to that of newly captured slaves in Isleydor and Kara felt like she was back on the auction block, with the future frightfully uncertain. The only major difference was that, this time, Kara didn't wear her hair down. Instead, she wore it in a ponytail, using the clip Ben had given her and that she'd almost forgotten a second time back at Highland Valley. 

"Alright, remember, he doesn't own you," Kara told her reflection, looking into her own eyes and willing herself to be the determined, strong willed woman who'd escaped Arlington's dungeons and who'd out ran his cronies. "Whether or not he likes it, you're a free woman now! It's time to show this son-of-a-bitch that you cannot be controlled and will not be debased."

With a deep breath, Kara stalked out of her room and headed toward the elevator, which opened up onto another long, red carpeted hallway. At its end, Kara could see the entryway to the hotel's ballroom, bordered on either side by greeters and guarded by a security booth. It was a long walk to the reception and the closer she got, the more queasy and nervous she became, a torrent of butterflies creeping up from her stomach and consuming her heart. But Kara angrily pushed the anxiety down. This was her one chance to prove to Arlington that she no longer feared him and that she was a force to be reckoned with. All be damned if she was going to let her nervousness show! Tonight, Kara would face her fears and she would triumph! Smoothening her features, she forced her feet to move with grace and certainty, then added a slight smile to the mix, both proud and self-confident.

Before she knew it, Kara had made it through the metal detector and was standing alone in the ballroom. It was quite massive, with an open bar and a full buffet. Waiters were passing out horderves and wine on silver trays, while guests danced to elegant music being played by a live orchestra. That's when Kara heard it: the cool, collected voice of Lord Arlington. Even amidst all the music and laughter, it stood out proudly, making the hairs on the back of Kara's neck stand up. With it, there was an overwhelming urge to disappear into the crowd—to pass the voice off as a hallucination—but it persisted and if Arlington was here, then Kara had no choice but to greet him. Grabbing a glass of wine from a passing waiter, she downed the entire thing in a single gulp, turned toward the front of the room, and forced her feet to move.

Don't look away, Kara told herself, hardening her heart in preparation for their reunion. It would be an understatement to say that the two had never gotten along and Kara didn't see why tonight should be any different. Just look straight ahead. Don't give him the satisfaction of breaking eye contact. 

Suddenly, there was a break in the crowd and not ten feet away, Kara could see Lord Arlington. He was dressed rather handsomely in a blue dress cloak and the same dark, leather boots he'd once rested upon Kara's back. It was by chance that he glanced in his hostess' direction, missing her at first and then doing a double take. The look on his face was one Kara only seen once before, right after freeing Tamius Sue: complete and utter shock. That gave her the extra boost she needed to widen her smile and pick up the pace. 

And yet, the glorious confusion on Arlington's face lasted only a moment. Soon enough, his surprised features receded to reveal the cruel, sinister smile Kara had become accustomed to and horrified, she realized that he was happy to see her. Remain calm, Kara told herself, refusing to slow her pace, even as Lord Arlington's eyes gleamed wickedly. With a curt nod, she watched as the man excused himself from the present company and moved to meet her half way. Don't break eye contact, Kara. Keep it together.

"Well, well, well," Lord Arlington mused, stepping up to Kara and bowing his head curtly. Surrounded on all sides by reporters, he couldn't afford to be anything less than polite. But when Arlington took her hand in his own and bent down to kiss it, Kara was taken completely off guard. His lips were silky smooth and warm, bringing up memories of a different, more threatening kiss back at Bremmington. "What a marvelous surprise to see you here," Arlington greeted, straitening up, but refusing to let go of Kara's hand. "Pardon me if I look a bit flabbergasted...I didn't expect to find you like this, out in the open. How very daring of you. And I must say, you do look fabulous this evening. I'd be willing to wager that you belong in red and gold." 

Subtle as it was, the sinister nature of the compliment was not lost on Kara and her lips tightened. But all be damned if she was going to lose her cool over something so petty and allow Arlington to see any kind of weakness. If his lordship wanted to play mind games, then so be it. In the midst of a public event—surrounded by security personnel—the playing field was finally even and Kara was ready to take a stab at Arlington for a change.

"Oh, I'd hardly consider dinner and a few drinks daring, but I'm flattered that you like the ensemble," Kara tried, refusing to let her sickeningly sweet smile droop. It took every fiber of her being to remain in character, but somehow, she fought the urge to wrench her hand free of Arlington's grasp and slap him across the face. "I'm rather fond of the hair clip, in particular. It was a gift from a very, very good friend." 

"I see," Lord Arlington hissed from between clenched teeth. "Exquisite."

"Anyway, as much as I enjoy getting reacquainted, there's business to attend to," Kara resumed, as if she didn't notice the perverse darkening of her lord's eyes nor the slight flush in his cheeks. "I'll be your hostess during your time here, David. So, if you need anything, just let me know."

"Excuse me?" Lord Arlington asked, a slight lift in his voice the only indication of a problem. "What did you just call me?"

"Oh, David?" Kara replied, pleasantly surprised by this new form of ammunition. "It's customary for a hostess to get on a first name basis with her guest, isn't that so...David?" 

"You're really throwing caution to the wind this evening, aren't you, my dear?" Arlington warned, taking Kara by the arm and guiding her over to the bar. It was the busiest region of the ballroom and amid all the noise, there was no way his lordship's voice would carry. "You're not out of the woods yet and it would behoove you to watch what you say."

"Are you still having those delusions of grandeur?" Kara retaliated, and she finally pulled free of Arlington's grasp. A waiter passed by then and she snatched another glass of wine from his tray. Kara had a feeling she'd be needing it. "You know, narcissism is a clinically recognized ailment. I could probably prescribe some anti-psychotics to help you with that problem." 

"Keep piling it on, pet. You're in enough trouble already."

"It's you who should be careful," Kara insisted, turning toward Arlington with a firm, confident expression. She was surprised she had the gull to talk to her lord like that, but it gave her a warm glow, egging her on. "I've got men all over this place and if you even think of touching me, you'll be made to regret it." 

To prove her point, Kara nodded toward her uncle, who was working security in the back of the room. Lifting two fingers to his eyes, the man pointed first at himself, then Arlington, as if to say,  I'm watching you. Alyssa wasn't far off either and when she spotted the pair, waved politely at Kara before flipping Arlington off. 

"The woman's not much for subtleties, is she?" Arlington mused, his eyebrows quirked playfully.

"It's Alyssa," Kara shrugged and, after finishing her drink, she took Arlington once more by the arm. "But now that we understand each other, let's resume our evening, shall we? I'd like to introduce you to a few people." 

During her brief period of training, Kara had learned that it was the hostess' job to serve as the middleman between an incoming ambassador and Nardia's Bureaucratic Council. After welcoming Arlington, it was her duty to guide him around the room and help him mingle with the guests, reminding him that Nardia's citizens were people too, with a rich cultural heritage that he ought to respect during negotiations. Kara had just spotted Council Woman Silveine at a table beyond the buffet, when she nearly ran head first into a muscled woman in full, black body armor. Looking up, she suddenly recognized the woman and her jaw dropped.

"General Myiat?" Kara asked, incredulous. 

"Ms. Chrystein," Myiat smiled back, her dark locks caressing a bold, but amiable face. With a curt nod, she acknowledged Kara, then bowed low before Arlington. "I see you're acting as a hostess this evening and I thank you for your service to his lordship. But if you have a moment, my Lord Sillias has been dying to meet you." 

From behind Myiat, Kara could see Lord Sillias, who stood out like a sore thumb amongst the rest of the guests in attendance. She was wearing a purple suit with a yellow tie, which matched her brightly painted finger nails and gold jewelry. Black lipstick and dark eyeshadow completed the eccentric look, but that wasn't the worst of it. Perched on Lord Sillias' shoulder was an enormous lizard, about the size of a small house cat, which was bound by a silver chain wrapped around her lordship's wrist. As she walked up to the trio, Kara could see Sillias remove a dried cricket from her suit pocket and feed it to the creature. It was a little disgusting.

"Ms. Chrystein, I presume," Lord Sillias greeted, with a sincere but slightly warped smile. "What a pleasure it is to meet you in person." Nodding curtly, Sillias gave Arlington a meaningful glance, then turned back to Kara with that same, odd smile. "This is Mr. Richardson," Sillias told her, indicating the lizard hissing atop her shoulders. "He acts frightfully mean, but he's just a big show-off. Any who, I've heard all about your daring escape into Nardia and I'd like to hear more about it."

"With all due respect, my lord," Kara offered, feeling more and more uncomfortable with the conversation as it went. "We're here to celebrate our similarities, not dwell on past conflicts."

"Oh, but of course," Sillias agreed, petting Mr. Richardson playfully and watching him relax in response. "How rude of me, my dear. I have no filter, you see. Still, perhaps we can meet on less formal terms someday. I'd love to hear all about it." Kara watched as Sillias then walked up to Arlington, taking him away momentarily and giving her some much needed respite.

"How are you holding up?" Myiat asked, receding into a less formal stance and turning worried eyes toward Kara. "I am glad to see you under less horrendous circumstances, but still...Lord Arlington has been fervently plotting your return these last few days and from what I've heard, it's gotten ugly a few times." Nervously, Myiat glanced in Arlington's direction, but he was still otherwise occupied. 
"I'm holding up okay," Kara whispered. "But what about you?"

"I've been demoted," Myiat replied bitterly, her eyes betraying the same pent up darkness Kara had seen many times before, whenever the woman had gotten into some heated argument with Lord Arlington. "The last straw seemed to be standing up for Alan, so now I've been moved from my position in the military to a mere body guard. But, at least, I'm with Lord Sillias full time now. I was starting to lose it, working for that sadistic, power hungry mongrel." 

"You don't seem too fond of Isleydor or its leaders," Kara prompted, remembering all the times Myiat had tried to defend her and then her companions. "We could probably use someone like you."

"Isleydor may be infested with rats, but it's still my home," Myiat insisted, shaking her head earnestly and then glancing toward Sillias, making sure not to let her ward out of sight. "Better to try and clean the place out than flee, like a coward."

"And how many of Isleydor's leaders have the same problems you do, with slavery and imperialism?"

"My Lord Sillias has a much better vision of this country than does most of its leaders," Myiat replied, a lift of admiration in her voice. "She put me on Arlington's War Time Operations board precisely so that I could act as a sort of check or balance, but you saw how that went. We're both part of the abolitionist movement, too. Hence the raven tattoos upon our cheeks...Anyways, my lord is motioning for my return. Good luck, Ms. Chrystein." Then, with an odd glance, Myiat turned away. "You're going to need it."

"Ah, Kara, I've been looking all over for you!" Ben's voice suddenly called out from behind her, sounding relieved. Turning around, Kara saw that he was dressed in a deep green military uniform, decorated with silver badges and a golden tassel. With the ensemble wrapped tightly against his broad shoulders and masculine body, Ben looked extremely handsome and Kara's eyes quirked sexily as they roamed over him. "I meant to see you briefly before the party started, but there's been so much to prepare and I got sidetracked—"

"Ah, hem," Lord Arlington coughed, stepping up behind Kara and ever so carefully laying a hand on her shoulder. Kara could feel herself shudder at his touch, then even more so at the ferocious glare he was sharing with Ben. The two men locked eyes for what seemed like several minutes, neither one daring to back down. "Aren't you going to introduce me to your special friend?" Lord Arlington cooed, stepping around Kara and offering Ben his hand. "It's been such an awfully long time, hasn't it?"

"Ah, yes," Kara quickly interjected, gesturing toward Ben. "This is General Ben Karrington, former head of the White Horse Rebel Alliance and current member of the Nardian Military."

"The pleasure is all mine," Ben insisted, gripping Arlington's hand in his own and shaking slowly, deliberately. It must have been painful, for both men were squeezing so tightly that their knuckles had turned white. "I've been waiting to come face to face with...ah, what was it again?...true terror. And as you can see, I'm shaking in my boots." 

"All in good time, Karrington," Lord Arlington hissed, his voice hardly audible. "All in good time."

"Alright gentlemen, break it up," Alyssa interrupted, slinking into the little circle the three of them had formed and looking very authoritative, especially with a rifle poised over her shoulder. Kara hadn't seen her coming, but was glad she'd arrived. A fist fight wouldn't have looked good in front of the press. "I'm glad you're enjoying this fucked up family reunion, but you can compare schlongs later," Alyssa continued, nodding off toward the bar. "Karrington, I'm afraid Council Man Tenders wants to see you briefly and introduce you to some diplomats from Scorce."

"Such a shame," Lord Arlington sighed in mock exasperation, the curt smile on his face betraying his true feelings. "And just when we were beginning to bond, eh Karrington?" With a concerned expression, Ben looked warily over at Arlington, then at Kara. She smiled reassuringly at him, to let him know she'd be alright, but his lordship was quick to interject. "Oh, don't you worry about us," Arlington drawled. "I assure you, Kara is in capable hands." 

"I'll be fine, Ben. This sounds important."

There was a slight, tension filled pause as Ben weighed his options, but finally he released Lord Arlington's hand. "Very well," Ben sighed, turning pointedly toward Alyssa. "Tell Mr. Tenders that I'll be there shorty." Then, he gently pulled Kara toward him and gave her a peck on the cheek. It was a little awkward—their being in public and all—but Kara was grateful for the kindness. "You're doing great," Ben whispered in her ear. "I'll be keeping an eye out, I promise. Querren's doing the same." 

"Well now, I suppose I'd better go and introduce you to the rest of the diplomats here," Kara told Lord Arlington, turning toward him just as Ben disappeared into the crowd. After their kiss, she'd expected his lordship to look dark and angry, but his eyes were glassed over and his expression unreadable. "I apologize for getting us side tracked, my lord...I mean, David...but if you'll follow me, please."

"The night is still young, Kara," Lord Arlington replied and instead of following in his hostess' footsteps, the man remained standing and staring at the dance floor. "I've plenty of time to meet Nardia's officials later on. But right now, I'm in the mood for some dancing." Turning a sinister smirk toward Kara, Arlington held out his hand and gave a small bow. 

"I'm not much of a dancer," Kara lied, searching the crowd for an easy distraction, a familiar face, a waiter with a tray, anything to stall the inevitable. "But I'd be happy to wait on you once you've had your fill of merry-making."

"Nonsense," Lord Arlington chuckled, stepping closer and closer to Kara until their were mere inches apart and she could feel the determination radiating off of him. Oh god, Kara was trapped and she knew it. A hostess couldn't deny her guest such a simple request and it was doubtful that his lordship would let up. "You're from Telma, are you not?" Arlington continued, confirming Kara's suspicions. "From what I've heard, dance is a very important aspect of life in the countryside."

"Still, I'd rather not."

"Yes, but I would, Kara," Arlington told her, and his voice suddenly took on a darker, less jovial tone. "You don't think I know what you are doing...putting on a brave face for the press, in some bizarre attempt to show up Isleydor?" Kara tried to smoothen her features and shook her head in feigned denial, but his lordship saw right through her, just as he always had. "Denying my request would look very, very bad for you. An official complaint and this entire charade will have been for nothing."

Kara glowered furiously at Lord Arlington, but took his hand anyway and allowed herself to be guided toward the dance floor. They were just in time for the next song, with only a few seconds to spare before the orchestra started up again. Gently, Arlington grasped Kara's right hand in his left and allowed their fingers to intertwine, permanently trapping her beside him. Kara noted that the man's hands were abnormally soft for such a ruthless man, as smooth as a baby's even, and wondered why such a stupid detail mattered.

"Now, put your free hand on my shoulder," Lord Arlington ordered, firmly wrapping his right arm about Kara's waist. God, the intimacy of his touch on the curve of her hips was almost too much to bear. Kara almost wrenched herself free and stalked off right then and there, but between Arlington's firm grip and the ever watchful press, found herself unable. "Wonderful form, pet."

"Don't patronize me!" Kara hissed, being sure to keep her voice low and subdued, but just then, the music started up again and Kara was quickly swept away by Lord Arlington. 

It was an exciting song—joyful and upbeat—so that Kara had to move quickly to keep up with his lordship. But even then, the dance was awkward. Kara couldn't stand the thought of leaning into Arlington's grasp, but without a proper connection between the two, it was impossible to follow his lead. Several times, they headed off in different directions and once, Kara almost tripped and fell. But even if she risked embarrassing herself in front of everyone, it was better than getting yet closer to her former master.

"I thought you said you had danced before," Lord Arlington chuckled, not the least indication that he was upset or angry. In fact, Kara thought he looked rather pleased with himself, probably because her nervousness hadn't been lost on him. "If only you'd relax a little, pet. Then, I could make you feel like you're flying."

Suddenly, the tempo of the music changed, indicating a partner switch, and Kara was being swept away by another man. She hardly had time to process what was happening before she found herself in Ben's arms, his kind eyes replacing Arlington's cool ones. Together, they twirled off toward the outskirts of the dance floor, as far away from Arlington and his fuming figure as was possible.

"I am so sorry," Ben tried, dipping Kara toward the floor with an apologetic expression on his face. For a few counts or so, they stayed like that, with Kara staring up into Ben's beautiful gray eyes. Then, carefully, the general lifted her to her feet. "I had no idea he'd be asking you to dance and those introductions took much longer than I thought...But regardless, I should have never let you out of my sight." 

Kara nodded. She had to admit that it was a relief to be away from Arlington for a while, even though she could still see him a few yards away, dancing with the poise and grace expected of a lord. The hostess was particularly drawn to his irritating degree of self-confidence and after a few moments of watching him, she felt her blood start to boil. Why didn't Arlington get nervous dancing with her? Hadn't she even made a small dent in his psyche, after ruining his reputation? Why didn't Arlington get butterflies in his stomach? It just wasn't fair and suddenly, Kara could hear his parting words coiling through her mind, taunting her. It was enough to set her teeth on edge.

I thought you said you had danced before, Arlington's voice scolded. If only you'd relax...

"Ben, you have to take me back."

"I'm not sure I understand—"

"I need you to take me back over to Arlington."

"What?" Ben exclaimed, very nearly falling over his own feet. "Why?"

"Because I can do better than this," Kara said aloud, more to herself than to Ben. "Because I owe it to myself to do better than this."

"Are you sure, Kara? You really want me to pass you off to him during the next switch?"

"Yes," Kara replied, narrowing in on her target, just a few yards away. Arlington hardly glanced in her direction, but she knew he was still thinking about her, plotting ways to regain his control. "Yes, I'm sure."

"I don't like it, Kara."

"I don't like it either, but I'm Lord Arlington's hostess and it's my job to put on a good show. If I must dance with the devil, then I intend to sweep him off his fucking feet."

For a moment, Kara thought that Ben might argue with her again. He didn't seem pleased with the thought of giving her back to Arlington and then leaving the two of them alone, but the determination in her eyes seemed to set him straight. With a reluctant nod, he briskly led Kara back toward the center of the floor and Lord Arlington, twirling her gracefully as he went.

"This is hard for me, Kara," Ben told her, allowing her to rest against his chest for a moment, so that their bodies were like a single reed, shuddering in the wind. "But I know you need to have the freedom to fight this battle on your own terms. Just remember, if you need me, I won't be far off." 

As if on cue, the tempo suddenly changed and after a quick kiss, Ben swung Kara out into open position, as close to Lord Arlington as he could manage. His lordship didn't see Kara at first—he was still in the process of releasing his last partner—but then her fingers brushed his shoulder and the man turned, looking pleasantly surprised by her return. There was no hesitation on Lord Arlington's part as he accepted her free hand, then placed his right hand on the small of her back. For a split second only, she found herself caught between Lord Arlington and Ben, her hands in each of theirs. She could feel the tension between them in that moment, their eyes trained maliciously on each other and their bodies tugging her in opposite directions. Then, Ben let go and Kara was alone with Lord Arlington.

"I don't feel like I'm flying yet," Kara complained loudly, leaning back into Arlington's grasp and relishing the confusion in his eyes. "Impress me."

But the smile that appeared on Lord Arlington's face was so broad and pleased that Kara immediately regretted being so blunt. His predatory eyes told her that he'd accepted her challenge, as did the change in his stance. Arlington stood a little taller now, his broad shoulders casting a dark shadow across Kara's form and his grip on her hand tightening, just enough to remind her that he was the lead. Then, without a word, he swept her across the dance floor at a rapid trot, dodging other couples as he went.

"So much better," Lord Arlington praised, that devious smile never wavering, even for an instant. With a pronounced gesture, he swung Kara outward, then spun her back in, catching his hostess right before their bodies collided. The spinning made Kara dizzy and she didn't have time to process Arlington's next move until she was being dipped toward the ground. To her horror, it was an unusually deep dip and Kara lost her footing, quite literally falling backward into Arlington's arms. There she hovered, only a few feet from the ground, with no real leverage and completely at her lord's mercy. "You've got such a lovely flush in your cheeks, pet."

"Pull me back up, right this instant!"

"Oh, pet, can't you just enjoy the dance?"

"Call me pet one more time, David, and just see what happens!" Kara warned, watching the other couples around them dance by, completely oblivious to her predicament. God, she needed to pull it together! It'd only been a few minutes and she was already losing. "Now, pull me back up!"

"Oh, and that pouty expression of yours," Lord Arlington laughed, not the least bit fazed. "I missed that, too." It was unlucky for Kara that his lordship only needed one arm to hold her up and with the other, gently traced the contours of her feminine curves, all the way down from the pout in her cheeks to the slope of her hips, leaving eerie goose pimples in his wake. The caress was just innocent enough to go unnoticed, but Kara glared furiously at Arlington anyway, daring him to let his hands stray. "Such a sweet little thing you are, Kara," Lord Arlington cooed, his voice a soft whisper in her ear. "It'll be lovely to taste you again." 

"Oh, you men, always wanting what you can't have," Kara jeered and just as Arlington swung her out again, she let go of his hand. It wasn't uncommon—during a fast paced, improvisational dance—for a follow to briefly disconnect from her partner and show off some solo moves. The way Kara saw it, she could use sex as a weapon just as readily as Arlington could. "I'm out of your league, David," Kara hissed, and the teasing began.

With a perverse grin to match her lord's, Kara began to pump her legs to the music, drawing a slender hand down the curve of her breasts and then her hips, determined to show off every morsel she'd never let him have. Then, when the music began to undulate, Kara turned in a tight circle, swiveling her hips in the process and showing off her pouty behind. It wasn't her style, but then again, Arlington had given her no choice. She had to play hardball and from the look on her lord's face—entranced and very slightly aroused—she could tell that it was having an affect. With a sexy wink, she sauntered back over to Arlington and offered him her hand. 

"I'd like to see you try and beat that," Kara dared, dipping backward into Arlington's arms once more. "Go on, try."

"Impressive," Arlington admitted, with a slight smile. "Most impressive, but a true magician always saves his best tricks for last."

The pace of the music was picking up now and with it, Lord Arlington. Pulling Kara in a little too close for comfort, he led her around the outskirts of the dance floor, occasionally gripping both her hands and forcing her into a more advanced move, like a cuddle wrap or a reverse spin. Kara couldn't be sure if it was intentional or accidental—which, she supposed, was the whole point—but it seemed that during every spin and twirl, Arlington's hands would gently brush up against the curve of her ass or the dip in flesh just below her breasts. It was getting annoying—especially since her body had begun to respond, shuddering pleasurably—but every time she tried to retaliate, Arlington would lead her into a new move.

"You sure you can keep up, pet?" Arlington chuckled. "We could slow down, if you like?"

"What did I say about patronizing me?"

"Very well, then," Lord Arlington smirked, placing a hand on either side of Kara's waist and grasping firmly. "Are you familiar with aerials?"

Oh, god. Kara hadn't been expecting that and she immediately grabbed Lord Arlington's wrists, trying with all her might to pry his hands away from her waist, but he had an eagle's grip and struggle as she might, Kara couldn't free herself. Oh, god....oh, god...not good... It was clear now that Kara couldn't rely on her strength to get free and if she made a scene, the press was sure to catch on.

"If I insisted that you keep me on the ground, would that do me any good?" 

"Probably not."

"My lord, if you let me go, I'll be sure to make it up to you."

"Oh, so now you remember to address me properly," Lord Arlington grinned and from the look on his face, Kara could tell that he was rather enjoying her discomfort. "But it's a little late for apologies, pet."

"My lord, I must insist that you put me down!" Kara pleaded, feeling the grip on her waist tighten and her feet leave the floor. It wasn't the aerials themselves that frightened her, but rather the amount of control and trust she'd have to place in Arlington once she was airborne. Kara was loathe to be made reliant upon her lord. "Put me down, please!"

"But I thought you wanted to fly, pet?" Lord Arlington asked, his face the very picture of feigned innocence. "Trust me, you'll love it."

"I very much doubt that, my lord."

"Now, up we go...!"

"My lord, please...put me down...put me down before I—"

"...and around the world!"

Kara squealed a little as she was lifted completely off the floor and found herself being cradled in Lord Arlington's arms, as if she were a child. For a moment, he kept one arm under her knees and the other wrapped around her upper back, but once the music picked up, dropped her knees altogether. The momentum caused Kara to swing downward, then behind Lord Arlington, with only the arm about her torso preventing her from falling. Then, at just the right moment, Arlington reached behind him and grabbed Kara about the knees, this time letting go of her torso. Kara was on the verge of screaming bloody murder as she swung upside down by her legs, circling Arlington's torso once more, but instead, started laughing. Maybe it was nervousness or maybe she was having fun, but suddenly peals of giddy laughter were wracking Kara's body, right before Arlington pulled her upright and finished the song with a dip.

"Well?" Lord Arlington inquired, and he seemed genuinely interested in his hostess' response. "Did I impress you?"
"Not bad," Kara admitted, trying to sound nonchalant, although it was one of the best dances she'd ever had. Minus all the psychological warfare, of course. "In fact, if you could just cut down on that torture fetish of yours, I'm certain the ladies would be all over you."

Something odd crossed Arlington's features then, which made Kara extremely uncomfortable. Carefully, he leaned down toward her, then pushed her hair aside, exposing the naked flesh of her neck and ear. Oh god, she could feel his warm breath on her skin. "I thought you shared my torture fetish," Lord Arlington whispered and Kara immediately stiffened in his arms. He couldn't know. It was impossible. "And even if you didn't," he continued, his voice prickling with triumph. "Even then, I thought you wouldn't mind being locked up and petted all day, as long your owner gave you treats and dressed you up in pretty clothes."

Kara could actually feel her heart stop. Arlington's words were too familiar for comfort. They were almost identical to those she'd recited in a memory from her childhood.  Is it possible? Kara asked herself, willing herself to relax and start breathing again, although Arlington had surely picked up on her terror already. Did Arlington somehow manage to get hold of my...my memory retrieval?

"Oh, and the question you're asking yourself right now?" Lord Arlington interrupted, the sound of his voice so cool and commanding. "The answer is 'yes.'"

"I have to go," Kara blurted, wrenching herself upright and stalking off into the crowd, but Arlington was quick to catch her hand. 

"You aren't going anywhere, pet," Lord Arlington told Kara, pulling her into him and assuming a closed position. "You and I are going to have a nice, long chat together."

A new song started up then and began warmly enough, but gradually began to descend into a slow dance. If Kara got caught with Arlington during a cool down, there'd be no way to walk away without arousing suspicion and she'd be trapped with her head on his shoulder for ten minutes or more. Slow dances in Nardia were notorious for being lengthy and Kara needed to get away from Arlington now, before she broke down in a full blown panic attack.

"We'll start the interrogation with this question," Arlington resumed, leading Kara into a dark corner of the room, where it would be much harder to eavesdrop. "How many nights have you dreamed of my fucking your pretty little cunt senseless?" With a flourish, Lord Arlington spun Kara and that's when she saw it, her only way out. Halfway through the turn—when she was facing away from Lord Arlington—Kara spotted Ben in the crowd. Urgently, she mouthed the words 'help me' and thought she saw Ben nod, but was soon after face-to-face with her lord again. "Well?"

Suddenly, Lord Arlington tripped over himself and for a split second only, relaxed his grip. Behind him, Kara could see Ben, who had intentionally stepped on his cloak. It was a small window of opportunity, but Ben took it and soon, Kara was being wrenched free of her lord's grasp. With bloody murder written on his features, Arlington could only watch as his prey was whisked off toward the center of the room. The only way to save face was to pick up with Ben's discarded partner, a young blonde in a lengthy, blue dress.

"Are you alright?" 

"He knows."

"Excuse me?"

"He knows," Kara reiterated, trying to keep the trembling out of her voice and failing. For all her bravado and calm earlier in the evening, Kara now felt like a bug squashed against a windshield, utterly helpless and with nowhere to go. "Lord Arlington knows about my dreams."

"What...?" Ben cried, and suddenly his features were rife with concern. "How?"

"He must have gotten hold of my memory retrieval."

"You're sure?" Ben asked, emphasizing the words in harsh tones. "You're absolutely positive?"

"Yes, Ben, I'm sure," Kara groaned. "I wouldn't say something like that unless I was sure."

"Then we need to go and find Alyssa, ASAP," Ben replied, earnestly grabbing Kara by the wrist and leading her to the outskirts of the ballroom. "If Arlington somehow got hold of your memory retrieval, then whatever Silveine has is a dud."

For some reason, that hadn't occurred to Kara and she stopped suddenly, halting Ben in his tracks. "What does that mean, a dud?" Kara asked, her heart rate quickening. "You mean the council hasn't even listened to Cross' tape yet?"

"This has all been very last minute," Ben explained. "I think Silveine just got the tape this morning and was going to share it with the rest of the negotiators after the party, but whatever she has, it's not the real thing."

"So our advantage...knowledge of the Parallel Project...it's all gone?" 

"Yes, unless we can convince Greenwood to come in last minute and share what he remembers."

"Ben," Kara whispered, her voice suddenly hoarse. "If we know that Greenwood is a loose end, then so does Arlington...we might be too late..."

Ben only nodded solemnly, as if giving Kara's heart permission to sink even deeper into her chest, then contacted Alyssa using his ear piece. "Hello, Alyssa..." Ben began, glancing around him cautiously and ensuring that no one was within earshot. "Yes, we have a situation related to Lord Arlington and Kara's memory retrieval. He's got the original copy, somehow. Yes...I get that..." Ben was then interrupted by some heated cursing and a few other sentences Kara couldn't make out. Alyssa didn't sound too happy and looked even less so. Within seconds, Kara spotted her in the crowd, striding toward them with furious, darkened eyes. Her lips had formed a thin, firm line and her hands were clenched a little too tightly around her rifle.

"You're sure about this?" Alyssa asked, all her usual humor gone. "Because the second I call this in—"

"Yes, I'm sure," Kara insisted. "I was dancing with Arlington and he told me things he couldn't have known otherwise...used language straight from that memory enhancement..."

Alyssa's nose scrunched up a little in disgust at the mention of 'Arlington' and 'dancing', but she made no comment. Turning on her heel, she merely motioned for her companions to follow and led them into a guarded storage unit, which lay just beyond the ballroom. Inside, the walls were lined with guns and there was so much ammo littering the floor that Kara had to sit down on an empty, wooden crate.

"So, what do we know?" Alyssa asked solemnly.

"Well obviously, if Arlington has that tape, he knows that Greenwood is a loose end," Ben began, running his fingers through his hair anxiously. "Of course, Nardia's 'Special Victims Program' will have made it difficult to track him down. Even so, best case scenario, it's only bought the old man some time."

"I'll need to contact Silveine. Greenwood's long gone by now and not even I know where he's been sent, but the information he has is imperative to these negotiations," Alyssa sighed, and Kara noticed that her hands were shaking. The weapons specialist was usually so confident and in control, a genuine foul-mouthed sarcasm machine. Kara knew that if Alyssa was scared, then the situation must be dire. "If we're to succeed tomorrow, we need to get to Greenwood before Arlington does and since Mr. Cross' tape is a dud, all bets are off. Greenwood doesn't need to adhere to Cross' nondisclosure agreement."

"But will he come?" Kara blurted, thinking back on the beauty of Highland Valley, when it had been bathed in the golden light of the setting sun. Then, there was the look on Greenwood's face when he'd spotted his grandchildren, so happy and yet, so sad. "Greenwood's been reunited with his family now and it's too risky for him to come back again," Kara insisted, eyeing Ben and Alyssa warily. "We need to get him better protection, but we can't ask him to come back. The stakes are too high."

"Kara," Ben replied, looking guilty but inflexible. "Greenwood's not the only person with a lot to lose."

"I agree. I'm not happy about dragging the old man back, but once you get involved in this sort of war, there is no escaping off into the sunset."

"I can't believe you!" Kara hissed, turning first toward Alyssa, then Ben. "I expect this kind of nonsense from Alyssa, but not from you!"

"This isn't a gray area, Kara," Ben tried, sounding sympathetic. "If we can't negotiate properly with Isleydor, thousands of innocent people will suffer the consequences..."

"...and if we do nothing, Greenwood is as good as dead," Alyssa interrupted, and Kara could almost see the change in her eyes as she regrouped. "Here's what's going to happen. I'm going to alert Silveine to the situation, so that she can arrange to have Greenwood brought to us. Meanwhile, we have to isolate Arlington somehow..." Alyssa glanced evilly in Kara's direction, which didn't make her feel any better about an already difficult situation.

"Is there a reason you're looking at me like that?" Kara spat, unwilling to let go of the anger coiling inside of her, making her sick at the thought of poor Greenwood, being dragged unwillingly into this mess. "Do I have something on my face?"

"For the love of god, Kara..." Alyssa sighed and, reluctantly, she sank to her knees, so that the two of them were at eye level. "We need to get to Greenwood..."

"I know that...

"...and what's more, we can't have Arlington figuring out what we're doing or else we give him a chance to thwart out efforts. Undoubtedly, Arlington's got an intelligence network established in Nardia, ready to report to him with the latest developments. We need to separate him from that network, while we handle the Greenwood situation."

"You mean you didn't screen the staff!?!" Kara cried, incredulous.

"Of course we screened the staff!" Alyssa growled. "But when you're dealing with a professional like Arlington, you always assume that your staff has been compromised. It doesn't have to be somebody important. All he needs is a few guys on the wait staff. A good third of the valets are probably undercover agents from Scorce or Isleydor, that's just how these things go."

"Somehow, we need to get Arlington out of the ballroom, so that it'll be harder for him to access new intel as it comes in," Ben mused.

"And I've already figured that out," Alyssa declared, removing a fold-out map from a nearby desk drawer and laying it out before the three of them. "It's not at all unusual for a visiting ambassador to get a tour of the city, specifically the Historical Gardens. All Kara has to do is ask tall, dark, and asshole on a little date."

"That doesn't sound very safe," Ben hissed, trying to keep his voice calm, but the general hadn't been expecting that and his eyes instantly narrowed. "There must be another way."

"Oh, so it's okay to put Greenwood in danger, but I'm a special exception?" Kara asked, feeling her anger finally boil over. "You think it's okay to coddle me like this, when lives are at stake?"

"I think you owe me a little more credit than that," Ben growled. "I've been letting you handle Arlington on your own terms all evening. Forgive me if I don't want you alone with a rapist and war lord." 

"Calm down, Karrington. She won't be alone," Alyssa promised, but Ben didn't look convinced. "A hostess won't be allowed to leave the premises without a body guard and yours truly will be chaperoning."

"I still think there's another way."

"Kara is one of Arlington's only weaknesses," Alyssa insisted and Kara, who had never thought of herself as a weakness before, was suddenly interested. "Arlington's not going to leave his intelligence network without good reason, especially since he must already have an idea of what we're up to. But this war he's got going on with Kara is personal. He's already broken a lot of rules making her recapture such a high priority, considering it's war time and all. We should be capitalizing on that." Turning toward Kara, Alyssa gestured up and down her form. "What kinds of weapons do you have on you?"

"Weapons?" Kara asked, sounding confused. "Only security personnel are allowed into the ballroom with weapons—"

"Oh, my god, you're serious," Alyssa sighed, looking exasperated. "You don't think that Arlington hasn't got a gun or two shoved up where the sun don't shine? Jeez, Karrington, you really dropped the ball on this one. Your girlfriend is probably the only one in that room without a weapon stashed somewhere." Grumbling to herself, Alyssa pulled open a box and removed a thin, almost transparent band of wood with a sharpened end. "You wanna lift up your skirt, Kara."

"What?"

"Lift up your skirt, okay? It's a bamboo blade. We'll tape it to your inner thigh."

"But if I get caught, won't it reflect poorly on Nardia's Bureaucratic Council?"

"Please...just listen to me for once and break a few rules, if not for yourself, then for the rest of us," Alyssa sighed, strapping the small weapon to the inside of Kara's thigh, using a few rounds of masking tape. "Oh, and for future reference carry a gun on you when you're out in the halls. You won't be allowed to bring it into a meeting or any more receptions, but leave it with security when you go in and pick it back up when you come out, for god's sake."

***<>***

It was a shame, having to end their dance on such an unpleasant note. For a few brief moments, Arlington had detected something other than hatred, fear, and rivalry in the way Kara had eyed him and in the way she'd held herself. Dressed all in red, she'd looked every bit as feisty and inflexible as she had the night he'd bought her. The girl's confidence was absolutely maddening, in more ways than one. Her stubbornness had proven to be quite a pain, yet that cocky grin of hers made Arlington want to grab her by the throat, pin her against the wall, and fuck her senseless. He had missed that defiance during Kara's final days in his care, more so than he'd realized. Undoubtedly, it would be tricky—gaining subservience, without destroying the fire Arlington so craved—but the challenge was invigorating in and of itself. He could still hear Kara's laughter, which had echoed across the ballroom as he'd spun her around. It was almost as if they had been having fun. 

Then, on top of all that, Arlington was constantly plagued by memories of Mr.Cross' tape. Unbidden, the sound of Kara's moans entered into his mind and then he could her voice, begging for permission to cum in his arms. At first, the recording had come as a bit of a shock, but now it made him hot and heady. More importantly, it proved that Kara was every bit as perverted as he was—a single dose of Anterline couldn't have that kind of an effect, not so quickly. Arlington couldn't wait to get finally Kara home, then torture her beautiful body and brilliant mind into lustful, passionate submission. He would get her to admit that she craved domination, even if it meant making her face her own delicious moans and lustful whimpers, projected over the speakers in her cell. But eventually, Arlington would get what he wanted. 

Unfortunately, in times of war, business had to come before pleasure. 

"With any luck, they'll send someone after Greenwood and lead us right to him," Arlington mused, though he made sure to keep his voice quiet and subdued. Azalia was sitting beside him, wearing a long green dress that went well with her red locks and murderous eyes. For the past several minutes, the assassin had been watching Florence Querren and Arlington could have sworn that he heard a lustful sigh. But no matter, let Azalia have her fun. "In all likelihood, they'll try and isolate me before they go about it. That means you'll need to stay behind and coordinate in my stead. I want my hacker in position by midnight, no exceptions. Who knows how long it'll take for her to—" 

"Here you are, my lord." 

Arlington paused and looked up, only to see Billings, dressed in the same black and silver uniform as the rest of the wait staff. Quickly, he handed Arlington a glass of champagne and as their hands brushed, slipped his lord a scrap of paper. According to the note, Nardia's Bureaucratic Council had just been informed of the "Greenwood Situation" and were working on how best to bring the double back, before negotiations the next morning. It spite of all the last minute changes, everything was going according to plan. 

"I'll be back to check on you in another half hour, my lord?"

"No need," Arlington replied, shaking his head. "I'm most likely going to be gone for the next few hours, so Ms. Richards will be taking over for me."

"How many of them do you have?" Azalia asked, watching with interest as Billings sauntered away. "I thought my sister guilds were the only ones concerned with infiltration?"

"It's important to bring in men from a number of divisions. Even among the dragons, there are sellouts," Arlington replied coolly, crumpling up the note and releasing it into his champagne glass, where it instantly dissolved. "I've got a number of associates lying in wait. Half of the orchestra are mine. You'd be amazed what you can hide in cello."

"Pardon my imprudence, my lord, but are sure you want to go through with all of this?"

"I'm not saying it won't be risky," Arlington admitted, and he was reminded suddenly of the weakness in his still recovering knee. "But now that I know they're all gathered together in one place, it'd be stupid of me not to act. Taking down Nardia's defenses and handling Kara's crew at the same time? It'll be like killing two birds with one stone. Besides, Sillias seems to be on board."

"Ah, David, there you are," Kara interrupted, and Arlington turned to see her emerging from the crowd, almost seamlessly. She had been flushed and anxious upon their parting, but Kara had regrouped by now and the cocky, self-confident expression that Arlington loved so much was back. His lordship couldn't help but return the gesture, revealing a suave smile of his own. "I apologize for leaving you unattended, but I had a few other matters to attend to."

"Oh, I understand," Arlington promised, and he kissed Kara's hand once more. The girl's skin was warm to the touch, as soft and succulent as it ever had been, and the little shudders he elicited were almost too delicious to bear. But now was not the time to be merciful. "Scramble, scramble, scramble..." Lord Arlington chuckled. "The question is, do I already know where Greenwood is? Or is this just a ploy to get you to lead me to him?"

Kara cringed at that and tried to wrench free of Arlington, but he wouldn't allow it. He needed her to stay put—needed to get a good look at her eyes, if only for a second. At first, they clouded over, but then an intense fury surfaced and with it, a hint of disgust. Kara had become attached to Greenwood too, it seemed. But more importantly, it was clear that Kara had gone from being a victim to being a protector. Arlington would be sure to use that to his advantage.

"You wanna let go of the lady's hand for a fucking second," Alyssa growled, and Arlington turned to see her glaring at him. Preoccupied with Kara, he'd hardly noticed her, and given the woman's presence, that was saying something. "I said, do you wanna let the lady go?" For a second, Arlington considered ignoring her. Alyssa's frustration was a special kind of pleasure—years ago, the woman had tried to kill him—but he released Kara anyway. "That's better."

"May I ask to what I owe the pleasure, Terrance?" Arlington sighed, nodding toward the black clothed personnel lining the room and hoping she might join them. "I thought you were handling security for the evening?"

"I hate to pad your dangerously inflated ego even more, but you're the biggest threat here and I know enough to keep an eye on you," Alyssa retorted, turning her eyes toward Azalia and suspiciously scanning her up and down. "Plus, I don't like the look of this giant over here."
"Richards," Azalia greeted, standing up to reveal all seven feet of her slender form, eerily complimented by sinisterly white teeth. "Lord Arlington's body guard."

"Oh, dear god, really?" Alyssa sneered, glancing none too kindly at the woman's five inch heels. "Don't tell me you let your bodyguard wear a gown to a potential gun fight? That's just bad form, Arlington, even for you."

"I assure you, I can kill just as efficiently in these," Azalia hissed, and the look she gave Alyssa was down right chilling, as if the weapons specialist were an annoying insect in desperate need of squashing. "Murder is an ancient, sacred ritual. It's an art form...an erotic dance...which requires a certain degree of radiance and color. I'm the last thing on this earth those who dare to cross me see, and I make sure I dress the part."

"Charming, too," Alyssa laughed, not the least bit impressed. "I can see why you like her."

"Alyssa, let's not bait them anymore than we have to," Kara warned and while Alyssa rolled her eyes, she also shut her mouth. "David, I was wondering if you might want to take an hour or so to tour the Historical Gardens. I'd love to give you some more insight into Nardia's cultural heritage."

"You mean you'd like to isolate me from my intelligence network for the next few hours?" Arlington asked with a knowing wink, but Kara's face remained expressionless, giving away nothing. Every moment they were apart, her defenses got stronger and her spirit more intense. Perhaps an evening stroll would be good for the two of them. "Can you promise me that you're motives aren't sinister?"

"That's an odd question, coming from you. Even the way you breathe is sinister."

"Manners, pet."

"Hey, easy on the threats," Alyssa warned, and she stepped between the two, looking the very picture of a protective mother bear. "Now, let's stop pussy-footing around. Are you going to take the bait or not?"

"I'm a romantic at heart, ladies," Lord Arlington cooed, bringing his hand to his chest in feigned defeat, and Alyssa rolled her eyes again. "How could I say no to a moonlight stroll with such a pretty lady?"

"Excellent," Kara replied, still refusing to show any real emotion. "I'll get a carriage ready."

"And you'll be bringing a body guard with you, I presume?" Lord Arlington asked, but when Kara nodded toward Alyssa, he frowned. Of all the possible body guards she could have chosen, Alyssa would be the hardest to lose and Arlington was hoping to get some one-on-one time with his girl. "Couldn't you choose someone...I don't know...less abrasive?"

"Oh, don't worry, we'll have a great time. Just make sure you follow the ground rules," Alyssa demanded, and she started to count them off on her fingers. "Let's see...no footsies, keep a solid six inches between you at all times, and we'll all get along just fine. Also, no karaoke."

"Are you going to be like this all night?"

"Yes, indeed, and after Kara gives you a tour of the Historical Gardens, perhaps I can give you a tour of the most isolated alley-ways in the city."

"That sounds like a threat."

"Only if you can't win, Arlington," Alyssa replied, grabbing a glass of scotch from a passing waiter and downing the entire thing in a single, satisfying gulp. "At the end of the day, it's only a threat if you feel threatened."

"Fine, take Alyssa," Arlington groaned, for he had a headache already. "I'll be taking Myiat."

They had to wait a for a few minutes, while Myiat arranged for a replacement to protect Lord Sillias, but eventually Arlington and Kara made their way toward the lobby of the hotel and out the front door. Beyond the stuffy, noisy atmosphere of the ballroom, the air was pleasantly cool. Even in Nulme—the Capital of Nardia—the light pollution was minimal and Arlington could see the stars, when his own breath wasn't obscuring the view. But the peace and quiet typical of the evening was disrupted by a hoard of protesters, straining against a velvet rope barricade. Arlington wasn't at all surprised—earlier that day, he'd had to get past the protesters in order to reach the reception—but Kara jumped the second they stepped outside, startled by all the screaming. Wide eyed, she turned from angry face to angry face, trying to decipher the signs that they were waving in front of her. At one point, a few college age kids tried to rush up on Kara, before a security guard pushed them back, and without meaning to, Arlington felt himself stiffen.

"Relax," Alyssa sighed. "I've got her covered, Arlington."

"Make sure that you do."

"What is all this about?" Kara asked, talking to no one in particular and still cringing away from the surrounding chaos. Someone tried to grab at her sleeve, but Alyssa knocked the man's hand away, then jabbed her gun in another protester's direction. "Don't they know that we're...I mean, not Arlington...but the rest of us...we're just trying to help." Arlington snorted at that and Kara turned her murderous eyes toward him. "Do you have something to say to me, Arlington?"

"Just because you roll with the so-called 'good guys' doesn't mean you have the public's support," Arlington explained, as sympathetically as he was able. In spite of all she'd been through, Kara was still such a naïve creature, far too optimistic for her own good. "These people don't want you or anyone else negotiating with Isleydor. They think you're selling out on Nardia and should be fighting us outright. They're wrong, of course. Nardia's military can't compare with Isleydor's, even when we're stretched between here and Calihistra. Still, you have to admire their tenacity."

"Sluts!" cried one woman, bearing a sign that read, 'Never Give In.' "Sellouts!"

"Why would you negotiate with a terrorist, you filthy whore!"

"Succumb to a monster once!" another protester shouted, this time a mere teenager. "And you'll succumb to a monster again!"

"Are they screaming about me?" Kara asked, aghast. "Are they referring to when we...when I was trapped, with you?"

"It's lovely, isn't it?" Arlington sighed, drinking up all the noise as if he were at the orchestra. "Do all the right things and they'll still hate you. It's like angry, chaotic poetry, don't you think?"

"But I'm not the one who did this to them! I'm not the one trying to take over their country!"

"One of the perks of being the bad guy is that you always get what you deserve," Lord Arlington chuckled. "In the end, you always get what you deserve."

Arlington didn't realize he'd said too much—spoken out of character, revealed an unfamiliar side of himself—until Kara looked at him oddly, then shook her head, as if trying to get rid of an irrational thought. He made a mental note then, to watch what he said for the rest of the night, but the occasional slip up couldn't be helped and he had no intention of dwelling on it. In fact, just then, their carriage arrived. To escape the protesters, Kara immediately rushed inside, followed closely by Alyssa. It was the opportunity Arlington had been waiting for and quickly, he pulled Myiat toward him.

"I believe the driver is one of my men and before we reach the gardens, I want Alyssa out of the carriage," Arlington ordered. "I want to ride alone with Kara, at least for a half hour or so."

"My lord, I am not at all comfortable with this," Myiat hissed, glancing anxiously in Kara's direction, then turning back toward Arlington. "You've had enough fun with that poor girl already."

"Are we going to do this again?" Arlington threatened. "Are you going to make me demote you even further?"

"My lord, my ethical code—"

"Do as you're told or I am taking you off this mission. I don't know why Lord Sillias keeps you on her payroll, but I'm starting to wonder."

Myiat paled then, but nodded and quickly followed Lord Arlington into the carriage. Oddly enough, it was silent as they traveled down the road, passing by dark store windows and the occasional neon sign. Kara, who was usually so lively, was the quietest of all and seemed particularly upset by all of the protesters' accusations. When Lord Arlington glanced in her direction, he could make out her reflection in the adjacent window and she looked genuinely distressed. What is she thinking? Arlington wondered. Does she suspect something? He would have liked to get an even better view of his girl, but Alyssa was sitting between them and every time he turned, their eyes met. The woman was absolutely insufferable.

"Stop the carriage!" Myiat cried and as the vehicle came to a screeching halt, she glanced out the window nervously. God, for all her flaws, Sillias' woman was incredibly clever and a good actor to boot. Arlington was impressed. "There's someone out there and whoever he is, the man's armed!" 

"For god's sake," Alyssa groaned, and she readied her rifle. "Let's go."

"No, I'll go check it out. You should stay behind with our charges."

"Like hell I'm going to let you have all the fun!" 

For all his training, Lord Arlington almost ruined everything. He almost smirked, right in front of Alyssa, but somehow managed to wait until she'd followed after Myiat. Then, all bets were off and with a wicked grin, Arlington leaned forward toward the driver's seat. Poor Kara didn't realize what was happening until the locks on all the doors clicked shut in unison, but by then, it was too late. With a flick of the reigns, the driver spurred his horses into a gallop and they went speeding down the road. 

"What are you doing?!?" Kara cried, looking toward Arlington with terror in her eyes, just as the carriage beneath them began to move. Panicked, she tried wrenching the nearest door open, but to no avail. "What the hell do you think you're doing?!?"

"I thought the two of us could have a nice, friendly chat, away from distractions," Arlington replied, crossing one leg casually over the other. "Karrington got in the way of our last conversation, regarding that wonderful, perverse mind of yours."

But just then, a series of gunshots broke through the calm evening night and Arlington was forced to roll onto the floor. It was a lucky move, too. Seconds later, the window above him shattered and he could swear that he heard Alyssa, calling him a "mother fucker" and screaming "Karrington is going to kill me," right before her voice faded into the wind. When Arlington was able to look back at Kara, he saw that she had bashed in her own window and was starting to crawl out the opening, shards of broken glass digging into her skin. Cursing, Arlington reached out to grab her legs, but Kara made a jump for it, tucking her body in close and rolling out onto the street, all while the vehicle was still moving. 

"Stop the goddamn carriage!" Arlington screamed. "Stop it right now!"

Even before the carriage had stopped, Arlington was jumping onto the street, wincing at the pain in his knee and looking in earnest for Kara. She was only a few yards away when he found her, covered in scrapes and cuts from her fall. The girl's dress was ripped in several places too, and her brown locks stuck out at all angles, giving her a haphazard appearance. Groaning, Arlington marched across the pavement toward his girl, determined to check on her wounds, then noticed that she was armed. Clenched in her bloody hands, Kara held a small, wooden dagger aloft and was sliding backwards frantically, as far away from Arlington as she could manage.

"Get away from!" Kara screamed, very nearly in tears. "Stay back, Arlington!"

"You want to tell me why you're carrying a weapon, Kara?"

"Because I swore that I'd never let you touch me again!" 

"You're injured, Kara. Let me have a quick look."

"One step closer and I swear to god, I'll kill you," Kara cried, the tears falling softly now, like those of a fallen angel. "I'm not scared of you, not anymore."

"You look plenty frightened to me," Arlington chided, and he raised an eyebrow expectantly in Kara's direction. "You're waving a weapon in my general direction and crying."

"So maybe I am afraid," Kara whispered, and suddenly her voice took on a much darker, sinister tone, which Arlington didn't quite recognize. The crying had stopped now and all that remained was a fierce, understanding gaze."I keep telling myself that I'm not afraid and yet, whenever I see you, I get chills. Maybe, no matter how hard I try, I'll never get over you. But you know what, Arlington? You're afraid, too."

"Is that so?" Arlington hissed, and although he tried to keep his features smooth and serene, with Kara's piercing blue eyes burrowing straight through him, Arlington could feel his resolve crumble. "What, pray tell, am I afraid of?"

"People like me," Kara whispered, still holding her weapon aloft. "People you can't control."

"Your memory seems a bit spotty," Lord Arlington observed and with a sinister aura, he resumed his slow walk toward Kara, his footsteps echoing down the empty street. "It wasn't so long ago that you were begging me for mercy, right before I fucked your face and made you lick the cum from my fingers. Not long after that, you let me use you as a foot stool. Kara, my dear, I've always been able to control you."

"Then how did we end up like this, Arlington? If you're power is so absolute, why aren't I begging for your forgiveness on my hands and knees?" Kara asked, though she'd paled a little at his words, her blue eyes glistening in the moonlight. "What you had wasn't control, it was intimidation, just a pale imitation of what you really want from me."

"I'm an exceedingly patient man, Kara. I never said that this process would be easy and I've been happy with out progress so far. Now, put the knife down and let's get you to a hospital." 

"You know, Greenwood once told me that all your cruel smiles and sadistic laughter are just a facade, designed to get me to cave. He said there was another side to you and at first I didn't believe him, but now I'm not so sure. I don't think people are born good or evil. I think something happened to make you this way." 

"Alright, Dr. Chrystein, I'll play along," Arlington laughed. "Go ahead, psycho-analyze me." 

"It's not normal for a person to be so self-confident, so calm and collected, every hour of every day. You're hiding something and you're very good at it, but I won't rest until I know what it is." 

"I assure you, my past is rather dull."

"No, I don't think so," Kara mused, and she gave Arlington an intensely curious look. "You're very protective of your environment. You have this unshakable need to control everyone and everything in your life and when you hit resistance, you go a little mad. It's almost as if you manipulate as a security measure, to protect yourself." It looked painful, but with a grunt of effort, Kara stood to her feet and this time, she stepped toward Arlington, blood dripping from her tangled locks. "I told myself, just this morning, that I wouldn't bother with your life story, but you've been dissecting me for too long—listening to my memories, torturing me until I talk—and I won't let you get away scott-free any longer." 

"Is this going somewhere, Kara?"

"Yes, it is," Kara replied, and a soft smile spread across her lips. "I think you're more afraid of me than I am of you."

"If I'm so terrified of you, then why would I bother to reclaim you?"

"To prove to yourself that your control is absolute," Kara replied, still stepping ever closer to Arlington, the weapon in her hand trembling. "You need me, that's why you're so desperate to get a hold of me. I've made a crack in your glass castle—made a dent in the illusion that no one can interfere with your power—and until you've beaten me, that failure will haunt you." They were mere inches apart now and Lord Arlington found himself, to his horror, being hypnotized by Kara's words. "See, until I've bowed to you, you'll always be living in fear, wondering where else you went wrong and who else might be plotting against you, untouched by your manipulation. Until then, you'll always be waiting for your carefully crafted world fall to fall apart."

"Cute," Lord Arlington sneered, but inside his heart was beating faster and faster, like a ferocious drum. Lunging for Kara, he tried to disarm her, but was distracted and missed. It wasn't until he felt warm liquid trickling down his arm that he realized that Kara had cut him. "You've got a good theory there, pet," Arlington cursed, biting against the pain and twisting the knife out of Kara's grasp. "I'll grant you that much, but in the end, there's no substance behind it."

"Then, who was that woman in the burnt picture?" Kara asked and this time, Arlington's heart stopped outright. "The woman had a tattoo like yours, but it was unfinished. She had long, blonde hair too, didn't she?"

"Why you sneaky, conniving little cunt," Lord Arlington growled, well aware that he was letting his anger show and not caring even a tiny, little bit. "You'll pay dearly for sticking your nose where it isn't welcome."

"We're almost even, Arlington," Kara replied, still standing tall and refusing to break eye contact, even as Arlington's features twisted further. "You know now that, deep down, I'm a pervert. But I know that, deep down, you have a soft, vulnerable spot and when I find it, I'm going to exploit you every bit as much as you've exploited me."

Arlington wasn't sure what had happened or how it had happened, but he knew that somehow, Kara had strengthened her resolve, way beyond what he'd anticipated. Her eyes were a furnace of fierce determination, coiling and churning in the dense, black water of her mighty spirit. Since Kara's initial escape, Arlington had dealt with many emotions: frustration, anger, and even disappointment. But it was only now that he felt helplessness, standing mere feet from his girl and unable to do anything about the way she was looking at him. Kara had spent far too much time away from him, Arlington realized, and he'd underestimated the damage. No longer did his slave view him as a force of nature, immovable and unrelenting in its cruelty. Now, his original training regiment would be useless and a new, more involved one would have to be planned. Clenching his fists by his side, Arlington stepped toward Kara and allowed his characteristic, cruel smile to emerge.

"Such a shame," Lord Arlington mused and though Kara's expression never wavered, she wasn't standing as tall anymore, perhaps confused by the sudden change in her lord's mood. As he stepped ever closer, Arlington could see the conflict in her eyes, where the desire to cower fought with the the desire to stand tall. "You're such a lovely dancer," Arlington cooed, and he lifted Kara's chin with the tip of his finger. "Really, you are. I'd be a lie to say that I didn't enjoy our time together. You won't believe me, but I was hoping I could go easier on you, pet. You've been through such an awful lot, but now? It really amazes me, how you insist on doing this to yourself."

"You'll never get your hands on me again," Kara whispered. "You won't."

"Awww, pet," Arlington frowned. "You don't really believe that, do you?"

Arlington wasn't sure which one of them heard the noise first, but out of the bushes there came a fierce rustling, and then there was a man emerging from the shadows. Clenched in his outstretched hands was a pistol, which shook violently in its owner's unsteady grasp. The man wasn't a professional, Arlington realized. Just some low-life from the streets, maybe intent on robbing them. Still, Arlington instinctively moved between the shooter and Kara.

God, where the hell was Myiat when you needed her?

With a lunge, Arlington somersaulted towards the attacker, more so to make it difficult to aim than anything else. The man fired once or twice, but missed, simply because he couldn't hold his weapon steady. Soon enough, Arlington was upon him, expertly disarming the shooter and then knocking him out with a single blow. But then, there was a loud crack and his lordship turned to see a second shooter, wearing a shirt with his name on it, wrapped in a red circle with a slash down the center. They were protesters, Arlington realized, who had somehow tracked the pair down. The second shooter was a lot more confident than the last one too, and she was aiming right at Kara.
"Long live Nardia!" 

Instinctively, Arlington tackled Kara to the ground, covering her body with his own and shielding her from the attacker. Three gun shots rang out through the air and three bullets slammed into Arlington's frame, temporarily knocking the wind out of him. Time seemed to stand still then and by the time Arlington finally rolled onto his side, the shooter was gone. Kara, on the other hand, was frantically unbuttoning his cloak, trying to find the wounds and put pressure on them. She didn't notice that he was wearing a bullet proof vest until she'd nearly undressed him, but when she did, the realization paralyzed her. Straddling Arlington's waist, Kara didn't seem able to move and for several minutes, they just stared into each others' eyes.

"I'm sorry," Kara finally whispered and she moved to get up, but Arlington grabbed her wrist. "It's just, I was—"

"Why?"

"It's just instinct," Kara tried desperately, refusing to look Arlington in the eye. "It just happened."

"If I hadn't been wearing this...if I were in real trouble..."

"I had a mentor, once," Kara explained, seeming to reconsider opening up, before finally giving in. "We worked as volunteers at a prison for a while. You can't get your medical license in Calihistra without a certain amount of pro-bono work."

"Go on."

"One day, they bring in this guy who's been stabbed, but only because he attacked another prisoner and all for a pack of cigarettes. I didn't want to help, but this mentor told me, 'It's not a medic's job to judge. We're in the business of giving people second chances, not in condemning them.' It stuck with me, that when you're in a position of authority, you should put integrity before your own happiness. That's why I secretly worked on Isleydor's soldiers, during the war. It's why I—"

"What did you just say?"

"That you shouldn't judge—"

"No, I mean that last phrase," Arlington hissed, and he pulled Kara in closer, to make sure that he heard her right. It had been years since he'd heard those words uttered, but they still felt like a thousand knives, digging straight into the core of his soul. "The exact words, what were they?"

"Integrity before happiness?"

Arlington wanted to press further, but suddenly Alyssa was pulling Kara off of him and shoving the nozzle of a rifle into his face.

"You fucking lunatic!"

"Ah, Alyssa, what took you so long?"

"Don't give me any of your bullshit, Arlington! Just get the fuck up before I shoot your brains out!"

"Alyssa," Kara warned, her tone authoritative. "Don't."

"Are you kidding me?!? After this lousy piece of—"

"I said, don't," Kara reiterated, this time more severely. "Let's just go back and find me someone from your personnel's infirmary."

"You aren't going to tell anyone about this?" Alyssa asked, her jaw nearly touching the ground. "Not even Karrington?"

"Especially not Karrington. These negotiations are bigger than either of us and I don't want to risk complicating things," Kara sighed, and she glanced back at Arlington. "I'll see you in the morning, David." 

"Fine," Alyssa growled, before lowering her gun and following after Kara."But next time, Arlington, you won't be so lucky." 

"My lord!" Myiat suddenly cried, emerging from the shadows to reveal a number of bruises, probably due to a tussle with Alyssa. "My lord, what happened?"

"Nothing," Arlington said, but more to himself than to Myiat. "This changes nothing."