Alyssa awoke feeling groggy and confused. Something was off, but she couldn't quite place it. Something had happened, but she couldn't remember what, only that there was reason to panic. Sitting up in bed, she tried to make out the details of the room, but there was nothing to see but dark shapes with blurry edges. A sharp, stabbing pain suddenly assaulted her right temple and cursing, Alyssa laid back on the bed, clutching her skull. It was hard to think. To reason. But out of the murk, Alyssa was able to grasp onto a single thought: she'd been drugged.

Very few things could unnerve her, but this sort of haze was one of them. Even without restraints on her limbs, Alyssa knew she was too incapacitated to try anything. It took hours of staring up at the ceiling and feeling helpless before her senses began to return to her. Then the medley of shapes gave way to a locked wooden door beyond the foot of her bed, some kind of medical equipment table, a picture of a raven on the wall, and an IV pole. As soon as she could make out the tubing, Alyssa pulled the IV from her arm and pushed herself from the bed, determined to make it out into the hall—wherever that might lead—even if she had to crawl there. Details didn't matter right now; she could try and remember them later. But if someone wanted her to stay put, then Alyssa knew it was best to get out.

"Good morning, sunshine." 

Startled, Alyssa turned on her heel, only to find Azalia Richards beside the bed. Has she been here the whole time? Alyssa thought, bristling like a cat. Watching me? Cursing, she quickly scanned the room, looking for a weapon or better yet, a way out. Alyssa was in no position to fight and she knew it. But Azalia stayed put, seemingly uninterested and modeling her usual gaudy attire: a knee length, silk green dress with a lily blossoming across her chest and jade heels to match. In her hands, she clutched the scythe that had made her famous, tapping it sinisterly against the ceiling: tap...tap...tap...

"You know, I met up with Querren while you were busy upstairs, playing with Arlington's pet," Azalia began and when Alyssa's face twisted with rage, she smiled all the more sweetly, fully intending to rile her up. But somehow, knowing this didn't make Alyssa anymore sensible. "His reputation is no accident; he's got fire in his blood."

"What did you do?" Alyssa hissed. The dire nature of her circumstances had suddenly become unimportant. All that mattered was the smirk on Azalia's face. "What happened to Querren?"

"I sliced him to ribbons," Azalia laughed and with a ferocious scream, Alyssa charged, only to be swatted to the ground like an annoying insect. "Oh, and I loved it. The smell of blood in the air, the winches of pain that eventually gave way to screams, the fire and brimstone and smoke!" Struggling to her feet with another cry of fury, Alyssa flung herself at Azalia, but the assassin merely stepped out of the way, bringing her scythe down in the process so that Alyssa tripped over it and fell to the floor once more. "It was glorious; red everywhere."

"Did you kill him?" Alyssa snarled, struggling to get up and glaring vehemently over her shoulder. "Did you kill him?"

For just a moment, Azalia's eyes flickered away, as if she were embarrassed. It was only for a moment, but Alyssa caught it and it gave her hope. "I could have," Azalia spat defensively, staring down at Alyssa as if daring her to question the facts. "Don't doubt for a second that I couldn't have finished him off." 

Alyssa opened her mouth to prod further, but suddenly there was a heavy metal clicking sound and the door ahead swung open. In the doorway was a black clad woman with a raven tattooed on her cheek. That's all it took for Alyssa's memories to return, foggy at first, then crystal clear and emotionally charged. She could see the lights flickering, the army of ninja, her men falling to the ground, the smell of chloroform, then a lopsided grin...

"Sillias!" Alyssa screamed, to no one in particular. "Sillias!"

"It's all coming back to her now," Azalia shrugged, turning toward the woman in the doorway.

"Bring her here!" Alyssa demanded, clawing her way to her feet. "I need to speak to that bitch!"

"Language, Terrance," Azalia chastised, but then she turned back to the doorway. "Better do as she says. Terrence is known for her short temper."

"Fuck all of you!"

But beneath her caustic exterior, Alyssa was terrified. This is bad, she thought, grabbing onto the side of the bed and slowly lowering herself into a sitting position. Dragons, ravens, drugs...and I can barely walk, let alone fight my way out. But when another woman—this one in green scrubs—stepped into the room pushing a wheelchair, Alyssa refused. She wasn't too keen on advertising her weaknesses anymore than necessary

"I'll walk," Alyssa sneered and wincing, she stood back to her feet and hobbled toward the doorway. Not exactly the best way to make an entrance, but it would have to do. "Lead the way."

Azalia made some obscene comment about looking like a wounded bird, but Alyssa ignored her and pressing into the wall, forced her feet to keep moving. It didn't hurt to walk, but it was awkward. Her legs didn't quite feel like her own. There was a slight, barely discernible delay between when she commanded her feet to move and when they actually did, but it was definitely there. It couldn't be a side effect of the chloroform and whatever injuries Alyssa had, they didn't warrant this strength of pain killer. Whatever they'd pumped into her, it was supposed to incapacitate her. That was useful information.

While Azalia kept blabbering on about blood and shoes, Alyssa searched about for even more useful information. First off, no windows. Which meant they were most likely underground. Second off, maze-like hallways with white painted walls and no distinct landmarks, meant to confuse. Alyssa may not have woken up in a prison cell, but there was no doubt about it: this was a prison. And when an unmarked door was opened up and she stepped inside, Alyssa knew she was stepping into the warden's office: a large oak desk, paintings upon the walls, bookshelves decorated with leather volumes, and straight ahead, Lord Sillias in her purple suit and yellow tie.

"Don't you own any other outfits?" Alyssa sneered, hoping to direct attention away from her own hobbling form. Plopping into an upholstered chair, she rested her hands in her lap and out of view, then began to wiggle her fingers. Practicing. Hoping that eventually, the gap between her thoughts and actions might disappear.

"Oh, no, no, no...I like this color best," Lord Sillias replied, oblivious. "Would you like a cup of tea?"

"Why is there a dragon here?" Alyssa pressed, watching with renewed intensity as Lord Sillias sat down on the corner of her desk, a porcelain cup in her hands and another enormous lizard purring on her shoulder. "Particularly this one?"

"Common enemies make common friends."

"I told you, I have very little patience for riddles," Alyssa hissed, clenching the cloth of her baggy, hospital gown—how had she just noticed that?—and feeling more helpless than ever. "You said you wanted a...partnership? Well, I don't agree to contracts that aren't spelled out in plain terms."

"You're right, of course," Sillias began and suddenly her tone was very serious. It was so uncharacteristic of her lordship that Alyssa briefly looked around the room, in case someone else was hiding in the shadows. The eerie, dream-like demeanor Sillias normally employed was gone. "Do you know how I came to power, Terrance?"

"A fluke," Alyssa nearly whispered, still a little shocked. 

"That's right. A fluke," Lord Sillias chuckled, sipping her tea daintily and stepping toward a painting on the far wall: a brilliant raven atop a fountain, its feathers purpling in the moonlight and its eyes a sickly yellow color. "There were three of us on the ballot the year I got elected. The country was almost perfectly split between my two opponents and because of that, I somehow ended up with the majority vote. An accident. A tragedy. A joke. A miracle...everyone has an opinion of what I am, but no one really thinks I belong in the Statehouse. They're most certainly right; I don't."

"The abolitionist movement isn't too popular in Isleydor," Alyssa agreed.

"No, it isn't," Sillias sighed and then her face turned red, angry, and blotched. She was clutching the porcelain cup so tightly in her hands, Alyssa was afraid it would break and draw blood. "The problem with a democracy is that it's only as good as its people. I never had a chance. Oh, yes. I tried to do things the right way, the noble way." Sillias laughed. "I played by their rules, testified in their hearings, relied on their votes. I drafted bills, and went to rallies, and all that other political nonsense, trying to make some headway for the abolitionist movement, trying to free a people from its corrupt foothold. But like I said, a democracy is only as good as its people and the people of Isleydor...inhuman scum," Lord Sillias spat, finally shattering the cup in her hands and turning back toward Alyssa. "But I'm no longer proud; if I must sink to their level, then so be it."

"So, what do you propose?" Alyssa asked, growing tense. Rambling was never a good sign in an enemy. Alyssa much preferred rational villains with more predictable trajectories. "To change Isleydor?"

"Oh, there's nothing left to salvage in Isleydor," Lord Sillias shrugged, accepting a fresh cup of tea from one of her attendants and blowing on it gently, letting her cuts bleed freely onto the sparkling, white surface. "You can't save a people so thoroughly set in their violent ways."

"And so I ask, again, what do you propose?"

"Burn it," Sillias whispered and there was something disturbing in her eyes. "Burn it to the ground and then, let something new...something pure...rise from the ashes." 

Alyssa was growing impatient. "I'm sure you can light a match without me. What was the point..." Of Killing my men? Alyssa thought, feeling a pang of guilt. Of shooting Eugene? But she had enough tact not to say it. "...of bringing me here," Alyssa finished lamely, her tapping more insistent.

"You're familiar with the parallel project?"

That gave Alyssa pause and cautiously she replied, "I am."

"You know, then, that Greenwood is the only one out there with intel on it?"

"That's why you want me." Alyssa didn't need to ask, the answer was written all over Lord Sillias' face. "You have Greenwood."

"Well, not yet," Sillias admitted. "But we will."

"You're not the only one after Greenwood, you know," Alyssa whispered. Trying to sound neutral. Trying not to break whatever imaginary bond Lord Sillias shared with her. "Isleydor wants to tie up a loose end and Nardia's hungry for the same information you want." Then Alyssa paused, genuinely confused. "Wait, you're one of the Four Lords of Isleydor...how do you not know of the project?"

"Not all lords are made equal," Lord Sillias told her plainly. "I'm am abolitionist. Did you really think the other three lords—Arlington, Algeris, Denton—would let me into their club?" Alyssa frowned and it occurred to her for the first time that if the senior lords didn't want to include Sillias in Isleydor's politics, they would have found away to avoid it. "It took me over a decade of giving up and following their lead to even get so much as my own War Time Operations Board, but information on the parallel project is still out of my reach. All but the basics, anyway. And what I really need is the means to access it."

"The parallel project...it's a weapon," Alyssa breathed, finally making sense of it all. "You're going to bomb your own country."

"I didn't say it was a bomb," Sillias snapped, defensive. "I still want the infrastructure of Isleydor intact at the end of all this. But it is a weapon, the likes of which you've never seen." An eerie, brilliant glow took over Lord Sillias features and for a moment, Alyssa became enraptured by her gaze. "There will be nothing left of the violent race of this country when I am finished with it. They will sing about them in songs. Whisper in children's ears that if they don't behave, men from the lost city of Isleydor will get them."

She doesn't mean to destroy Isleydor, Alyssa realized, awe-struck. She means to obliterate it. 

"Join me?" Sillias asked and snapping out of it, Alyssa decided to play along.

"Yes, but..." 

"But?"

"How do I know I can trust you?"

Sillias looked back around at Alyssa, surprised, but pleasantly so, glad to be taken seriously. To be questioned, poked, prodded. Lord Sillias couldn't be used to this kind of power, the kind that makes someone worthy of suspicion.

"You were given your own War Time Operations Board," Alyssa explained and by the smile spreading across Lord Sillias' lips, she could tell the woman was excited by this first observation and very much wanting to answer. "You were charged with taking over Scorce and Terall, while Arlington was given Callihistra and Nardia. Explain that?"

"Unfortunate, really," Sillias replied, a little giddy. "It's true; I planned the take-over of both and we've even begun to invade Terall. But only to spread Isleydor's armies thin. With the occupation of Callihistra, the war Nardia is about to declare on Isleydor, and Terall's take-over, there won't be enough forces to handle the hell I am about to unleash. Not in time to prevent it or even pick up the pieces."

"Is that why you participated in Arlington's blood bath during negotiations? To help start a war between Isleydor and Nardia?"

"In part," Lord Sillias nodded, eager to brag. "But also to make some allies."

"Like me and...her..." Alyssa sneered, not quite tactiful enough to hide the fury in her eyes as she glanced toward Azalia.

"Oh...oh!" Sillias laughed, stepping over to Alyssa and poking her right on the nose, which she really didn't like. "Don't worry, Querren is fine. Okay, maybe not fine. But alive. I needed to make sure he got left behind and Karrington, too. My men made sure to rescue them both. No worries."

"You think they'll ally with you?"

"Not at first, oh no!" Lord Sillias laughed, as if Alyssa were being ridiculous on purpose, though she didn't really see what was so funny. "Of course they wouldn't!" But when Alyssa didn't start laughing, too—not even a chuckle—Lord Sillias realized she needed to explain. "Lord Arlington has most of the council in custody now, which will leave the military in charge, of which Karrington is a member and Querren, a trusted adviser. I don't even have to ask them to start a war with Isleydor for me, they'll do it anyway, once they've realized the Chrystein girl is back in Arlington's clutches. Then, they'll be all too happy to let me help."

"What!?!"

"Brilliant, isn't it?" Lord Sillias laughed again, seemingly unable to stop. "I was nervous for a moment that the Chrystein girl might get away—that I'd have to intervene, lure her to Arlington somehow—but it's almost as if she can read my mind!" 

Alyssa stiffened, uncomfortable. Lord Sillias was not a stable woman. But she did have a point and more importantly, a plan. If Alyssa wanted to be rational, she'd have to admit that Isleydor was getting far too strong for its own good and needed to be stopped. Even if Sillias' methods were unusual—callous and cold, as she'd said so herself—they were working. She had effectively spread Isleydor's armies thin and once she had access to the parallel project, a means of bringing down the most violent nation in the hemisphere. Perhaps a partnership wouldn't be such a bad idea.

"That's all well and good, but how will you rise to power after the attack?" Alyssa asked, sounding a bit more hopeful now, though something was still itching at the back of her brain. "Won't Arlington and the others just bring their armies back in and resume their rule?"

"Oh, they'll all be dead in a week. Two weeks, at most," Sillias said, waving the question away as if it were inconsequential, but Alyssa could feel her jaw drop. "Algeris and Denton are old, they'll die of natural causes, of course." Although the sly wink from Sillias made Alyssa think otherwise. "As for Lord Arlington, he's got plenty of enemies now—three nations, all after his head. It'll be easy to explain his death away as an assassination."

"It won't be easy to kill Arlington," Alyssa warned. "You'll not be the first to try."

"Maybe not, but at the moment, he's very much distracted," Sillias grinned. "Who thought Lord Arlington's downfall would be a woman? It's such cliché, I'm almost disappointed." Thumbing through a little clipboard of papers, Sillias put on a pair of glasses and squinted at the print. "I've got it all on a schedule and once Arlington's gone, we can even bring Kara in on this plan...use her symbolic presence to fuel a take-over."

And that was it, the thing itching at the back of Alyssa's brain. 

"She'll never agree," Alyssa blurted. "Kara, I mean...you're proposing an attack on civilians. The medic won't go for it."

"These civilians aren't innocent," Lord Sillias snarled, slamming her clipboard back down and stepping toward Alyssa dangerously. "The civilians are the problem."

Alyssa remembered saying something similar to Kara once, when they'd broken out of Bremmington. It's either us or them! Alyssa had screamed, when Kara tried to forcibly take the wheel, all because she was weaving in and out of traffic, using civilian vehicles as obstacles for their enemies. They aren't innocent anyway...They're citizens of Isleydor and therefore, taxpayers. Every cuff you've ever worn, every whip you've been beaten with, every bullet fired in your direction has been paid for by these guys. They aren't innocent. They're enablers. Besides, you do know that Lord Arlington was democratically elected, don't you?

"Doesn't matter," Alyssa replied, shaking her head. "Kara doesn't take sides."

"Oh well," Lord Sillias shrugged, the anger gone just as soon as it had come. "She'll be almost as good dead as alive anyway; a martyr makes for good propaganda."

"No, wait..." That didn't sit well with Alyssa. "I can make sure she doesn't get in the way..."

And what, help Lord Sillias burn a nation? Alyssa wondered, suddenly feeling sick. Is this who I am now...willing to do anything, if it means destroying the enemy?

"Awww, Terrance, have you gone soft?" Azalia asked in a mocking, sing-songy way. Leaning against the back of Alyssa's chair, she draped the blade of her scythe over Alyssa's neck, so that she had to lean back to avoid being cut. "Don't tell me the medic's gotten to you?"

But maybe Kara had, with all that stupid talk about being noble, and doing the right thing, and remaining loyal to your conscience, even if it ended up being all for nothing and everyone died and the whole world was ruined.

Stupid fucking medic, Alyssa growled internally. God fucking dammit.

"Are you going to cry?" Azalia teased and Alyssa grit her teeth, furious that she didn't have the strength to get up and throw a punch. "Is your heart hurting?"

"I have not gone soft!" Alyssa screamed. "And all be dammed if I'm going to let you kill innocent people!"

"I'm disappointed," Lord Sillias frowned and she seemed genuinely upset, but not as upset as Alyssa who in that moment, realized she'd made a grave mistake. "But I can use you against Greenwood, whether or not you cooperate. If it worked for Arlington, it'll work for me." Then nodding toward Azalia, Lord Sillias took a seat at her desk and continued flipping through her clipboard, as if no one else were there.
"You...you cunt!" Alyssa screamed and with a wicked laugh, Azalia tossed her over her shoulder, then into the wheelchair. "You fucking cunt!"

"Original, Terrance. Very original."

"What are you getting out of this?" Alyssa snarled as Azalia wheeled her out of the room and back down the hallway, a maze of doorways and steps and railings on either side. Whatever Sillias had to offer, it had to be worth more than Querren. "What's she giving you?"

"I get to hunt the king of beasts!" Azalia laughed darkly and her voice echoed on and on through the halls, more a prophecy than a promise.

***<>***

Kara woke up under soft, voluptuous covers. They felt cool against her skin and she yawned, stretching her legs beneath the blankets and extending out through her toes. It was nice up until she remember that this wasn't the hotel. Then her eyes shot open and Kara tumbled out of bed, tangled in a mess of bed sheets. Scrambling to her feet, she glanced around the room in a panic, prepared for the worst. Kara wasn't sure what she'd expected, but it wasn't this. She was, for all intents and purposes, inside a perfectly ordinary room. There was even a window beside her bed draped in blue curtains and outside, Kara could see the sun setting in the distance, turning the world a warm orange-pink. The bookshelves were filled, the bed was nicely made (at least, before she'd ruined it), and there were even a couple of chairs around a little dining table. Kara ignored the food laid out on it and immediately headed toward the nearest door. Now was not the time to get comfortable.

There were two doors in total. One of the two was locked tight, but the other opened up onto a half bath with a toilet and sink. The cabinets were all but empty, minus a few basic hygiene products, like deodorant and toothpaste. No razors though, which was a good move on Arlington's part. There was also a floor to ceiling mirror, which Kara went to immediately. She found herself dressed in a pair of sweatpants and a baggy t-shirt, rather than the usual "this-is-totally-just-lingerie" clothing she'd been accustomed to on her last visit to Arlington's manor. But it had been too optimistic to expect that everything would turn out so well. Her hair was a little shorter than it had been; she had almost forgotten about that. Then there was a collar wrapped around Kara's neck, made of a cool, metallic black substance that held onto her neck like a vice. It didn't matter that she knew it wouldn't come off; she had to try anyway, but as expected, the thing wouldn't budge. After examining it more closely, she wasn't even able to find the lock holding it in place. It had no seams, no clasps, no ties...almost as if she'd been born with the damn thing on or it'd been melted onto her skin. Other than that, it was pretty unremarkable, except for a blinking red light. 

Kara stepped back out into the main room and eyed the four walls warily. It was one thing—in the heat of the moment, with adrenaline rushing through her veins—to declare war on Lord Arlington, but another thing entirely to find herself in his manor. Dark thoughts started to creep back into her head and Kara knew that if she didn't keep herself busy, it'd be impossible to hold them at bay. She couldn't afford to fall into despair. Out of the corner of her eye, she spotted the food left out for her and sneered. It was hard not to fall back into her usual stubborn ways and refuse to touch anything his lordship offered. But it wouldn't do her any good to starve and what's more, eating would keep her occupied. Grumbling, Kara sat down and began to eat. Even cold, the food was amazing, which seemed to make her even more bitter for some reason.

As she ate, Kara decided to formulate a plan of attack. Whatever direction she chose, it had to be a novel one. Kara knew from experience that she couldn't feign submission; Arlington had seen right through her when she'd tried. Resisting him at every turn wouldn't do much for her either; Arlington was insufferably patient and the last time she'd tried a full on assault at his ego, she'd ended up curled up by his feet. No, Kara needed a way to draw the soft spot out, a way to make Arlington drop his guard and reveal his vulnerable underbelly. She wasn't entirely sure how she'd accomplish that, but at he very least, she needed to remain cool, calm, and collected.

The bedroom door creaked open and Kara flung herself from her chair, clutching a plastic butter knife in her hand and raising it above her head. So much for cool, calm, and collected, she thought, but the person stepping into the room wasn't Lord Arlington. Wait, I've...I've seen that girl before. The woman was small and unassuming with beautiful pale skin and dark, black hair. Her name was on the tip of Kara's tongue, but she couldn't quite place it. 

"Anna?" Kara asked, between clenched teeth. She could at least place the girl's face now; this was the same woman who had assaulted her once before, on Lord Arlington's orders. "Annabelle? Amy? Allie...?"

"Alice," the pale girl replied, shutting the door behind her and looking a little terrified. "I'm Alice."

There was a long, lengthy pause while Kara waited for more—surely, Alice was here on some kind of mind fuck mission—but nothing was forth coming. "Can I help you?" Kara finally snarled, as more and more unpleasant memories of Alice surfaced. "You're here on Lord Arlington's orders, I take it?" But Alice shook her head, almost vehemently.

"No, I'm just here because I want to be," Alice almost whispered, eyeing one of the chairs at the dinning table. "Can I...sit down?" Kara thought about it and nodded, but Alice didn't budge. "You won't hit me, will you?"

"As long as you don't try to sexually assault me," Kara sighed, rolling her eyes. "Then sure, I promise not to hit you."

Kara sat back down and dived into her mashed potatoes, watching from the corner of her eye as Alice skirted the walls of the room, finally sitting down at the table and in the chair farthest from Kara. Again, there was silence, but she didn't really feel like saying anything else and didn't really know what else to say, anyway. They stared at each other for several minutes without speaking. All anyone could hear was the sound of Kara chewing and it was making her self-conscious. 

"You should give him a chance!" Alice suddenly blurted and Kara almost spit out her food. "My lord's not so bad once you get to know him!"

"You give the new restaurant in town a  chance," Kara replied mockingly; she had no patience for Alice's dotting brand of Stockholm Syndrome. "You give the escargot a chance. Is that why you came in here? To convince me to spread my legs for Lord Arlington?"

Alice didn't seem to like her phrasing. 

"Oh, you're just a big bully!" Alice told her, angrily. "If you stopped fighting him—just for a little while—you'd be able to see what kind of a man he really is!"

"I'm the bully!" Kara cried, standing to her feet and pointing angrily at the collar around her neck. "I'm the bully?!?"

"If you stopped blowing things up, maybe you wouldn't have to wear one," Alice replied and it was the first time Kara heard smugness in her voice; it was almost condescending. "Maybe you should stop punching people."

That was the final straw for Kara. It was hard enough dealing with Lord Arlington's massive ego, let alone handling his brainwashed fan club. Maybe it wasn't Alice's fault that she was so blindly loyal. If Kara were kept here for years on end, maybe she'd be the same way. But Alice's attitude still rubbed her the wrong way. 

"Have you ever wondered why you aren't enough?" Kara spat, but when Alice's face fell, she knew she'd crossed some kind of line. Immediately, Kara tried to backpedal. Maybe it was possible to turn her obvious insult into some kind of anti-brainwashing therapy. "I mean, if he loves you so much, why does he need so many other girls?" she finished lamely. But it didn't work. Alice was already halfway to the door, pulling what appeared to be a card key from her dress pocket. "Wait! I'm...I'm sorry..." 

It wasn't a lie. Kara was sorry. Alice was obviously a victim in this scenario and attacking her delicate psyche hadn't been fair. But Kara couldn't keep her eyes off the card key, either. If apologizing would keep it within reach, then she would apologize until her lungs stopped working and she collapsed onto the ground, unconscious.

"Please, don't go, okay? Look, I'm sorry. I just..." Kara paused, looking for the right words. "I don't want to be alone right now, okay?" She was surprised to realize that wasn't a lie, either.

"It's not his fault, you know," Alice insisted, turning back around with a frown. "It's expected that all high-end politicians own their own harem. It would look bad if he didn't have...other girls." Alice paused, thinking hard. "You're right, though; it does bother me. I'm...jealous. I don't usually play well with the other girls; they don't like me very much."

"Well, you don't need to worry about me," Kara told her, scuttling up onto the bed, a scowl on her face. "As far as I'm concerned, you can have Arlington all to yourself." 

Alice frowned at first, but it didn't last. She snorted, which made Kara laugh, which infected Alice, until they were both rolling around half-laughing, half-gasping for breath and wondering if they might die like this. Finally, Alice caught hold of herself and made it onto the bed next to Kara, where she collapsed into the sheets, still hiccuping between smiles. 

"Do you like cats?" Alice asked and Kara nodded, realizing she'd forgotten about Arlington's weird cat obsession until that moment. "One of ours just had kittens, want to see?"

"Sure, I'd like that."

"But if I slip out the door, you have to promise not to try and follow me," Alice frowned, when she caught Kara glancing longingly at her card key. "You're not allowed outside of your room yet." 

Kara considered launching herself at Alice and taking the card key by force, but what would that accomplish? She wouldn't make it more than a few steps before Arlington figured it out and came after her. There was bound to be surveillance throughout the mansion, her Martkorp tracking device had no doubt been re-activated, and she still didn't know what the collar around her neck did. No, Kara had just made a friend—one who had the freedom to roam the manor, no less—and she wasn't going to lose her over a botched escape attempt.

"I promise," Kara said and Alice, still frowning, stuck out her pinky finger.

"Pinky swear?"

"Are you kids still doing that these days?"

"Pinky swear!"

"Okay, okay..." Kara sighed, wrapping her own pinky around Alice's. "I swear."

"I'll be right back, then," Alice promised, opening up the door. Kara died a little inside when she glanced out into the hallway, knowing she couldn't go for it, but that was the price of making a friend. "Oh, and don't tell my lord I was here. I...I'm not really supposed to be."

A brainwashed, child-like, overly sensitive friend, Kara thought. But also one that doesn't mind disobeying Arlington on occasion? It seemed as good a trade-off as any and right now, Kara couldn't afford to be picky.

"We're going to be the best sisters ever!" Alice grinned and with that, she was gone, not even giving Kara the chance to object. 

While Kara waited, she stared up into the ceiling, watching as shadows shifted across its surface. It was oddly peaceful and also slightly terrifying...the darkness, slowly overcoming the light. At least she had something to look forward to—to keep her busy and sane—but Alice was taking quite a while and that made Kara nervous. Finally, the door creaked open, but it wasn't her sister slave standing in the doorway.

"Good evening, pet," Lord Arlington greeted and though she tried to hide it, Kara could feel herself swallow hard. "Welcome home."

***<>***

Querren wasn't doing well. Ben had been expecting worse, but it was still difficult to look at him, wrapped head to toe in bandages. Frankly, Querren was lucky to be alive. He'd lost a lot of blood and as the doctors kept telling him over and over again, he needed his rest. But even so, Querren refused any sort of sleep aid, opting for the minimum dosage of morphine needed to keep the pain at bay. He wanted in on Nardia's counter-attack, even if that meant staying up for the next 48 hours while they formulated a plan.

"How are you holding up?" Ben asked, stepping into Querren's hospital room. In reality, it was just a single bed in a hallway filled with many more, separated from the others by thin, white curtains. Ben could hear the woman one bed over moaning in pain, but Querren didn't seem to mind. "You look...less pale, at least."

"She didn't make it, did she?"

"No," Ben frowned, clutching the hair clip in his pocket tightly. "No, she...she didn't."

Ben was trying to keep it together, but the wounds were still fresh. He felt...abandoned, if that made any sense. He could still hear Kara's voice over his earpiece, sad and soft and sincere, but the gentle words, so well intentioned, buried themselves like knives beneath his skin. We're not working, Kara had told him. Maybe in a few years, when this is all over, we'll meet again. Then, maybe we'll start over. Maybe you can ask me out and we'll slowly fall in love. But not like this, Ben. Not like this. You and me...it's over. Ben hadn't heeded her words, not for a second. They both knew she was only tossing him aside out of some self-sacrificial instinct, to protect him from Lord Arlington. He remembered desperately trying to reach the thirteenth floor and at every turn, being confronted by weapons embedded in his own security system. And when he'd finally reached his destination, he'd been too late.

Ben remember with growing fury her hair clip, abandoned on the blood-stained carpet. At first, he thought Kara had lost it in the heat of battle, but when Ben had picked it up, there'd been a wisp of hair still held taught by the clasp. The ends were clean cut. The clip had been cut out of her hair, most likely to send a message, which Ben had heard load and clear. Kara is mine, Lord Arlington was telling him. Come and get her, if you dare. Ben could feel himself trembling with rage and stroked the long, brown locks in his pocket.

"And Terrance?" Querren interrupted, snapping Ben out of his dark reverie. "Is Terrance...?"

"No one knows," Ben sighed, letting his head hang. "We can't locate her."

"What are you going to do?" Querren pried, sitting up on his elbows and wincing, but though he tried to hide the pain, a cold sweat broke out on his forehead and the illusion was shattered. "How much power has the council given you?"

"A lot," Ben replied, thinking back. 

A few of the security units had managed to rescue some of the council, including Silveine. They'd had a meeting just a few hours ago in her hospital room. Most of the council was too shaken to be of much use and while Silveine seemed as fiesty as ever, her advisors had her under lock and key. That left the military in charge and since the great General Benjamin Karrington was the only one among them with experience fighting Isleydor's armies, everyone was looking to him for advice. In essence, Ben now owned the Nardian military.

"We're going to war of course," Ben snarled, gripping the hair clip in his pocket even tighter, until his knuckles turned white. "We're putting together the air force and then we'll fight our way into Capitol City." There was a knock on the wall and turning toward the curtain, Ben watched as his personal assistant—a much younger man, recently assigned to him—stepped cautiously into the room. "Yes, Rogues, what is it?"

"I...I'm not really sure," Rogues whispered, shiftily looking around the cramped space. "But I'd advise you that we not discuss it here."

Ben was about to duck out, but Querren's eyes were screaming. Losing Tamius on his watch had been bad; losing Kara and then Terrance had made it worse. Ben knew how badly Querren needed to be included—distracted, given some kind of opportunity to fight back—and decided against leaving him behind.

"It's a busy space. Lots of noise," Ben shrugged, though he could tell Rogues was not happy. "Besides, I'll want Querren's input." Rogues glared at him for a few minutes more, hoping the general would change his mind, but eventually approached the bedside and huddled up between Ben and Querren. 

"It's Lord Sillias," Rogues whispered and Ben tensed, waiting for the worst. "She's contacted us through one of her personnel and wants to know if you...need anything. Intelligence or even a small supply of artillery vehicles since our own supplies are quite limited."

"What?" Querren snarled.

"Lord Sillias wants to—"

"I heard you, boy," Querren snapped. "I'm not asking you to repeat yourself."

"Is it possible?" Ben whispered, turning back to Querren with an odd panicked feeling in his chest. "Lord Sillias has never been a favorite in Isleydor, maybe now that she knows we're going to war, she wants to help?" He could see Querren thinking hard, mulling it over and over again, the cold sweat returning to his brow.

"It's possible..." Querren finally answered, cautiously. "But she did help Arlington ambush the council. It's also possible that this is all a ploy by Arlington to get back into our ranks." Ben nodded, this was true. "After all, if he wanted to send someone in to steal intel from us, who would he chose? A nobody we'd have no reason to trust? Someone with a nasty reputation? Or the only powerful leader in Isleydor with a grudge?"

"Set up a meeting," Ben ordered and with a curt nod, Rogues left the room. "Let's hope Miss Sillias is as sincere as she sounds."

***<>***

Welcome home.

It was meant as an attack, but knowing that didn't help. Kara could still feel all her old instincts resurfacing—the urge to run, cower, beg, or at the very least, look away—but she forced the emotions down into the pit of her gut and scowled. Cool, calm, and collected. That was Kara's modus operandi now. It was imperative that she take control of the situation before Arlington did. First things first, she wanted to know why she hadn't woken up in a snake filled pit.

"I have to admit, I'm a little disappointed," Kara told him, looking around at the eerily comfortable room. "What happened to 'a deep, dark pit' and 'you'll never see the sun again' and 'you're going to regret everything you've done'? Don't tell me that now, of all times—when I've finally mustered up the courage to confront you—that you've finally gone soft?"

"Straight to the point, I see," Arlington commented. "It's not going to the same as last time, is it?"

"No," Kara told him, her tone suspicious. "It isn't."

"I thought not," Arlington sighed, but it was an exaggerated, obviously mocking kind of sigh and with a dark glint in his eye, he stepped slowly toward Kara. "You know, I don't think I've ever gone through so much trouble to get my hands on one measly, rebellious little slave. Since the day I saw you at auction—dressed in red and gold, just waiting to be conquered—you've been nothing but a thorn in my side. Releasing my primary trophy slave into the streets of Capital City. Escaping Bremmington. Taking those other three with you. Blowing up a bridge on national television. Defying me at negotiations, in front of the entire nation of Nardia." They were only a few feet apart now and Kara could feel her heart beating more loudly beneath her breast, her entire body screaming at her to run, but she wouldn't listen...she couldn't listen. "I haven't gone soft, pet," Arlington whispered, his face just inches from hers. "You'll get everything that's coming to you. But clearly, my earlier methods were insufficient to train you and I've decided to...revise my strategy."
Kara narrowed her eyes, but didn't say anything. She was afraid of what might come out if she did. But her mind was racing with possibilities anyway, in defiance of her cool, collected persona. It hadn't really occurred to her that Arlington might be changing his strategy—planning something unfamiliar for her, something she wasn't prepared to take on—which put her at a distinct disadvantage. Internally, Kara chastised herself for not figuring this out sooner. Obviously, if he'd decided not to immediately throw her back into the coffin, it wasn't out of the goodness of his heart. Kara hadn't figured it out yet, but these supposed shows of kindness were meant to break her somehow. 

"And my clothes?" Kara asked, willing her voice to remain steady. Maybe if she prodded a bit more, Kara could get some insight into this new 'strategy.' "A little modest for your tastes?"

"You'll be taking them off in a moment, anyway," Arlington replied coldly and his lips formed a very serious frown. "I trust you're smart enough to know that obedience is in your best interest." It was the complete and utter assurance with which he spoke that transformed Kara's terror—just barely being held in check—to fury.

"Oh, is that how you think this is going to go?" Kara spat, her eyes seething. "You think you can just barge in here, spout off one of your scary little monologues, and I'll fall to my knees to please you? I'm afraid—my lord—that you have dangerously over-estimated yourself."

"Is that so, pet?" Arlington asked, and though little chills ran through Kara's body, she refused to wipe the angry smirk off her face. "You're getting awfully worked up over a bath, don't you think?"

It took a minute for the words to register.

"A...a bath?" 

"Yes, a bath, pet," Arlington sighed and he rolled his eyes for good measure. "You haven't bathed since the hotel. I thought you'd do a better job of picking your battles." 

"You're serious?" Kara asked, feeling a little embarrassed, although how was she supposed to know that her crazy, war-lord captor was just trying to get her into the tub? "You mean you came all this way...threatened me...a bath? Really?"

"You have a problem with that, pet?" 

"You're being obtuse on purpose," Kara hissed from between clenched teeth, angry at him for working her up, all without good reason...which was obviously his intention, to confuse her. Then another thought occurred to Kara. "Wait, I though that was your handler's...what's-his-face's...job?"

"Mr. Karp?" Lord Arlington asked, trying to hide a chuckle. "The man you knocked unconscious with a tazer, bound, gagged, and then left lying on the floor of my dungeon?" Honestly, Kara had forgotten about that. "Do you know what he said when I brought you back? He told me all the riches in the world wouldn't motivate him to touch you with a ten foot pole." That made Kara's heart glow warm, up until Arlington turned back to her and said, "So guess who's in charge of your daily routine now?"

"What if I apologized and really, really meant it?" Kara pleaded, trying to sound as pitiful and genuine as possible. "What if I promised not to...do all those things again...like taze him...and tie him up...and threaten to kill him...?" 

"Oh, we both know you have—literally—no regrets," Arlington scoffed, but the smile on his face told Kara that he was just loving this. "It'd be useless to pretend."

"You're right; I don't have any regrets," Kara replied, realizing with some degree of surprise that she didn't, because while the thought of being near Arlington 24/7 made her nauseous, she most definitely wasn't sorry. "I don't regret releasing Tamius, or blowing up your stupid bridge, or helping during Nardia's negotiations, or anything else...maybe you'd do well to remember that."

"You just about finished, pet?" Arlington sighed—opening the bedroom door and gesturing out into the hallway—and Kara could feel herself scowling...how come he didn't pay any heed to her scary monologues? "Because if you're through, I'd like to get going."

"For now, anyways," Kara replied and reluctantly, she slid off the bed and headed toward the door, trying to look every bit as defiant and powerful as she had back at the hotel. "Let's just get this over with...even you couldn't ruin a nice, relaxing soak."

That last bit was a lie. If Kara had learned anything, it was that Arlington presented a near constant threat, even in the most mundane, supposedly safe situations...like in the middle of a ballroom reception, surrounded on all sides by security personnel, in a hotel protected by one of the world's most advanced security systems. Arlington could definitely ruin a bath. But unfortunately, he also did have a point. If Kara fought him over every single annoying detail, they'd never make any progress. If she really wanted him to open up to her—even by accident—she'd have to occasionally play by his rules. Easier said than done, but she had to try. It was time to start cracking away at Arlington, before he started to crack away at her.

Kara stepped out into the hall, only to find that she didn't recognize this region of the manor. There was a red carpeted hall with a railing on the far end and looking down, she could see past several floors and into the vestibule below. Then, there were a number of wooden double doors with paintings interspersed between them and the occasional houseplant. It was nothing like the isolated apartment from before, containing the living space, dungeon, cell, and window-less bedroom she'd once occupied.

"The slaves' quarters," Lord Arlington explained, one step ahead of Kara as they traveled down the hall. "I'm in the west wing, on the other side." 

 The slaves' quarters? Kara mused and then she remembered.  Alice!

"Something wrong, pet?" Arlington asked, for Kara had paused to look back toward her room, hoping beyond hope that Alice wouldn't stop by while she was gone. "Did you forget something?"

"No," Kara replied, shaking her head vehemently and turning back around. "No, nothing's wrong."

"If you were waiting for Alice, she'll stop by again when it suits her and the coast is clear."

"You knew!" Kara cried, looking at him in an accusatory fashion, but he just shrugged.

"Of course, I knew. This is my household."

"And you just let her wander around?"

"It's always nice to have someone looking after you, just because it suits them."

So, Alice was just trying to get me to spread my legs, Kara thought, annoyed, but only a little, because what else had she really expected?  So much for finding a friend.

They walked the rest of the way in silence, then entered through a much larger set of metal doors and into a room Kara did recognize: the bath house. A pool of steaming water was already bubbling in a tub that could easily fit ten people and even several feet away, Kara could smell the lightly scented water, like newly blooming lilies on a freshwater lake. It was certainly tempting, to briefly forget where she was and with whom, only to dissolve into the water's warm embrace.

"Aren't you going to get in, pet?" Arlington asked, although it was clearly an order. "Or are you going to be difficult again?"

"With you watching me?" Kara countered, but then she realized who she was talking to. "Of course, with you watching me." 

It would be a waste of energy to fight, but Kara didn't have to make this easy for Arlington. She undressed as quickly as possible, covering herself up as best she could—one arm wrapped around her chest, to shield her nipples, and her other hand cupped between her legs—before waddling into the tub. To ensure the water didn't get too dirty, a grate at the bottom of the pool sucked up old water, while several fountains along the side spewed fresh water back in. There was also basket of oils, lotions, and soaps beside the ledge and thinking herself clever, Kara selected some bubble bath and fed it into a stream of water. Soon, the entire surface was covered in sweet smelling bubbles. As long as Kara kept her shoulders submerged, Arlington could gawk all he wanted; he wouldn't be able to see past the bubbles, into the water, and ogle her lady parts. Kara turned toward Arlington to gloat, but saw that he was also naked—at least from the waist up—and taking off his shoes. Panic set in.

"What are you doing?!?" 

"Now, that's a silly question, pet. What does it look like I'm doing?"

Kara watched icily as Lord Arlington folded his dress shirt and cloak, before carefully sliding them into one of the metal clothes racks against the wall. She'd forgotten just how powerfully built he was, the skin stretched tight over massive arms and well-defined chest muscles. His sculpted abs shone with sweat in the humid air, but his eyes were still his most handsome feature. Kara didn't think she'd ever be able to find that exact shade of blue—so deep, mysterious, cool—anywhere else in nature. With a devilish glint in those eyes, Arlington carefully undid his belt buckle and in an act of rebellion, Kara looked away. It was only when she could hear him sloshing into the water that she looked back around. It was time to set some boundaries.

"Okay," Kara hissed from between clenched teeth, trying to at least sound calm. "You're naked in the bathtub with me. Fine. I can live with that. But this is my side and that's your side." Scowling, she drew an imaginary line down the center of the bath and gestured toward it wildly. "Okay?" But Arlington didn't answer. With a smirk, he submerged himself until only his eyes were above the water and swam towards her, looking very much like an alligator. "No, no, this is my side!" Kara spat, backing away and splashing him furiously. "Arlington, this tub is big enough for a dozen people!" But it wasn't working. In a monumental burst of effort, Kara fled to the ledge along the tub and scrambled up onto the tile. She was halfway out when Arlington grabbed her legs and pulled her back into him.

"No, no, no!" Kara cursed, clawing desperately at the slippery wet tile of the bathhouse floor. "Arlington, let me go this instant!" But soon, she was wrapped in Arlington's arms, her own two limbs pinned to her sides by his embrace.

"Nice try, pet," Arlington grinned and in response, Kara glared viciously ahead of her and wondered if she could reach his balls with her foot. "Now, don't pout. Nobody likes a sore loser."

"Let me go...now."

"A little cocky for a slave, don't you think?"

"I'm serious, Arlington; let me go."

"If I let you go, do you promise to behave?" Arlington asked, probably just to humiliate her, because when she begrudgingly replied yes, they both knew it was a lie. Gently, he sat Kara down on a little bench below water level, then came back with a loofah in one hand and a bottle of lavender soap in the other. "Give me your arm," Lord Arlington ordered and Kara frowned.

"You're going to wash me?"

"Yes, and then you'll return the favor," Arlington told her, not the least hint of humor in his tone. "Or you can bite and kick and claw away, and then I'll have to string you from the ceiling, hose you down, and you'll just end up getting washed by me anyway."

"I thought you were done with the humiliating pain torture stuff?" Kara asked. "What happened to, 'I'm revising my strategy,' hmm?"

"I said I would be revising my strategy, not throwing it away."

"You're a despicable human being." 

"Perhaps."

Reluctantly, Kara considered Arlington for a moment. She knew he meant every word and truthfully, she didn't very much like the idea of being strung up and hosed down on her first day back. There was a very real possibility the experience may unhinge her and she couldn't afford to fall into despair now. Even if she didn't like it, resistance wasn't in her best interest now. Sacrifices would have to be made and this was probably just the first of many more and a pretty small sacrifice at that.

Kara extended her arm and felt his hand grasp her wrist, then the soft texture of the loofah running up and down its length. She shuddered at his touch—knowing full well he'd enjoy it—and looked away in shame. Except for the bubbling of the water, it was completely silent and she could feel Arlington's hands as they gently traced the contours of her arm, then carefully scrubbed down every finger. Under any other circumstances, it would have been soothing, but this was Lord Arlington. The intimacy of his touch—the way he lingered on each curve before moving to the other arm—felt violating, somehow. 

Before she knew it, Arlington was sitting next to her on the bench and pulling her into his lap. Kara tried to scramble away again, but his grip was as tight as a hawk's and she felt very much like a mouse, helplessly trapped and just waiting to be devoured. His magnificent manhood—semi-hard and soft as velvet—pressing into her backside made the fear worse, but Arlington was patient and waited until she'd stilled to continue.

"Open your legs," Lord Arlington ordered and Kara realized that she was pressing them tightly together. "Relax, pet, I'm just going to wash you."

"Arlington, please...I've only just gotten back..."

"I'm not going to ask again, pet," Arlington retorted, his tone not unkind. "Open your legs."

It's just a quick scrub, how bad can it be? Kara thought, though her heart was racing. Yet, she had to fight instinct if she were ever to get through this. Kara couldn't afford to fight him at every step if she wanted to dig into his psyche and besides, it would be better to save her energy for whatever he had planned later. I can do this...I can definitely do this.

Kara took a deep breath and opened her legs. The warm water rushed in, pleasant and soothing, then she could feel Arlington's hands on her thighs. Instinctively, she grabbed his wrists, pretty sure her nails were digging in hard enough to break skin, but Arlington didn't object. As long as she was just hanging on—as long as she didn't try to pull him away—he seemed willing to tolerate it. His hands stayed there for a few minutes, while Kara gradually calmed down, and then he began to run the loofah up and down the inside of her legs, getting closer and closer to her pink sex. Finally, he pressed it against her mound and she nearly jumped, but Arlington held her down.

"You doing okay, pet?" Lord Arlington asked, stroking her gently and watching as she shuddered uncomfortably in his grasp, his fingers probing into the soft folds of her flesh. "This isn't so bad, is it?"

"Please...just get it over with...please..."

"You're far too nervous, pet," Arlington whispered in her ear and his hands maneuvered further down—to the little nub between her legs—and she gasped. "You think you're clean enough, pet?"

"Yes, yes...Arlington, please..."

Miraculously, he let her go. Kara hadn't been expecting that, but knowing Arlington, he probably realized he had reached her limits and didn't wish to surpass them. At least not yet. He moved up to her stomach and stayed there for a while, playing along her skin in gentle circular motions, before making it up to her chest. She grabbed his wrists again, prepared for another round of tortured teasing, but then he paused and began tracing something on her left shoulder...a scar.

"Where did you get this?" Lord Arlington asked, a hint of anger in his voice and at first, Kara wasn't sure what he was talking about.

Then, it hit her.

"I...I did it," Kara told him, worried he might be angry with her. "I didn't like feeling like...an object, so I cut up the registration number. I thought it'd scar over and interrupt the tattoo."

Arlington didn't say anything about that, but Kara could still sense his anger. Thankfully, instead of lingering on her breasts, he spent only a few agonizing seconds on them, then moved on to her back, paying special attention to the scar, almost lovingly running his fingers across it. Afterward, he traveled down her spine—eliciting little shivers and gasps—before finishing with her lower back, coming to rest with his hands on her waist. 

"Your turn pet," Lord Arlington ordered, nodding toward the basket of soaps beside the pool. "I've had a long day."

Silently, Kara wandered over to the soaps. When she turned around, Arlington had moved to the center of the pool, his firm body sleek and dripping and dark locks obscuring his eyes. There were bruises and cuts, too—from his most recent battle in the capital city of Nulme—accentuating his dark form with bright yellow, and purple, and green spots of color, which seemed to make him more beautiful, somehow. But his most striking feature was the crimson dragon tattooed onto his back. Kara had never seen it up close before and she found the detail astonishing. She wanted—no needed—to touch him. Cautiously, she approached, resting her hands on his naked back, feeling the powerful muscle beneath them. This was the symbol of his mighty power—proof that he had the means and the will to kill—and the evidence the people of Isleydor had needed to elect him as one of their lords. Kara was slightly awe struck. Gently, she traced the scales of the beast and its ugly, yellow eyes, noting the fine texture and vivid colors.

"Is there a scale for each one...you killed?" Kara asked, her voice barely a whisper. 

"Yes." 

"And how...how many are there?" Kara pressed, though she wasn't entirely sure she wanted the answer. In the shadow of a single, soaking lock of hair, Kara could already count ten scales...ten people, contained within that dark, thin strip of skin. "There are hundreds here..."

"Three hundred and fifty, to be exact."

Kara had no response to that, except to stand there quietly and endure the wave of disgust and fury that had suddenly engulfed her. In the haze of hatred that followed, it was difficult to breath—let alone think rationally—and all Kara wanted to do was destroy the man in front of her. All of those people—hundreds of them, some probably innocent—dead, because of him. 

I was wrong, Kara thought. There isn't a redeeming bone in this man's body. But what she actually said was quite different.

"How did you manage it?" Kara whispered, incredulous. "How did you stand it?"

That's when Kara felt it beneath her fingertips, a just barely noticeable tension that hadn't been there before. A ripple in the normally cool, collected atmosphere that Arlington projected. It lasted only a second or so, but it had definitely happened. It radiated guilt and anger and fear...the soft spot. Kara had only caught a glimpse of it, but there it had been, plain as day...that soft, vulnerable spot Arlington always worked so hard to hide.

Kara hadn't thought herself capable of pitying Lord Arlington, but now she wondered what it must be like to have a graveyard tattooed onto your back. To have to look into the mirror everyday and see red splashed across the asphalt, hear gunfire overhead, smell fear in the air...what must that be like? Then to live in a country where this sort of thing wasn't just acceptable, but required to get ahead, to prove yourself to the world and the people in it. What had Arlington's first kill been like? Had he relished it from the beginning? Or had he resisted? And what kind of punishment was in store for those who disobeyed? Gently, Kara began to stroke the fiery tattoo with the loofah, watching as it disappeared behind soft, pink suds. 

"Was it hard..." Kara began, swallowing hard, but she was genuinely curious. "...the first time you killed someone?"

"You're done with my back," Arlington ordered, his voice cold and clipped. "I think my front needs some attention now."

Arlington could sense it—her disgust, fury, then growing curiosity—and he didn't like it. That alone was reason enough for Kara to keep prodding, but she didn't dare look at his face as she stood before him, instead focusing her attention on the rhythmic movement of his chest, rising and falling as he breathed. It soothed her to be able to focus so intently on this one thing, to run her hands over the tight, sinewy muscle and then work away with the loofah. It gave her time to re-group. To work out some sort of plan. Then Arlington gripped her chin and tilted her face up toward his.
"Look at me, pet," Arlington ordered smoothly and Kara obeyed, because she was ready now...ready to look into those cold, blue eyes and find his weakness. "You're awfully quiet all of the sudden, after being so inquisitive. Tell me, what is that clever little mind of yours up to?"

"You know exactly what I'm doing," Kara told him, growing bold. "Why even bother to ask?"

"I see," Lord Arlington whispered and his eyes narrowed. "Observant little slut, aren't you?"

Kara thought back on her first days with Arlington, back when he was always saying 'eyes up here, slave' and 'look at me.' She remembered feeling like an insect on a slide as he analyzed each and every facial expression, trying to pin down her specific strengths and weaknesses. Now—with his eyes burrowing into hers—was the best time to probe for his weaknesses; she wasn't going to get a better view.

"You're not as good at hiding as you once were," Kara said, knowing that there was no way she could keep going and remain unscathed, but not caring either because for once, she felt like she was on the winning side. "You feel guilty about something...maybe all the people you've killed, or the wars you've waged, or the person you've had to become to do all those things. I don't know." But as she stared into Lord Arlington's eyes, Kara saw nothing, not even a hint of the vulnerability she'd tasted just minutes before. "Maybe you betrayed someone."

Kara felt his grip tighten and his eyes narrow and she could see it again reflected in his pupils—the soft spot—glimmering for only a moment before disappearing into the darkness, hidden by an angry glare. But it had been there! She had seen it! The pieces were coming together now...not enough to create a full picture, but an outline, perhaps. A guilty conscience...a betrayal...a beautiful girl with an unfinished tattoo. Kara wracked her brains as Arlington grabbed her by the hair and dragged her to the side of the pool, trying to figure out where she'd seen the soft spot before: at the reception, after the carriage ride, moments before she'd been recaptured...all times when they'd been on equal footing and at each other's throats.

"Oh my god," Kara gasped, all the fear suddenly dissipating. "Oh my god, you conniving, conceited liar!" 

Even Arlington looked surprised by her outburst.

"You like snarky girls, don't you? Don't you?," Kara shouted and first shock, then a heated blush washed across Arlington's features, confirming everything. "You want a girl curled up at your feet? A foot stool? A door mat? Bullshit. You want a girl like her...no, a girl like me...a girl who fights back." 

"That...is...enough," Lord Arlington hissed and then the rage vanished as quickly as it had come. Kara could see it in his eyes—the transformation was almost instantaneous—and he was back to his old self almost instantly, the same cold, cruel man who had thrown her into the coffin, unreadable and totally in control. "You want to play rough, pet?" Arlington whispered. "Very well, I already know all about your soft spots, don't I?"

Something snapped inside of Kara then. Whatever miracle of self control had been keeping her calm and collected suddenly vanished and only raw, virile instinct remained. Her heart beat faster, her breathing picked up, and then all she could see were whips, and chains, and then the suffocating darkness of the coffin. It wasn't fair. Amid all the chaos inside her mind, only one coherent thought emerged, and it was this: that after fleeing across the nation, escaping into Nardia, and facing down an army of assassins, she'd somehow ended up back here, at the very beginning. It wasn't fair. Only...was it really? Hadn't she practically volunteered to go back with Arlington? And what would be the point of that sacrifice if she lost now, in the first round?

I'm not done with him yet! Kara thought, bringing herself back from the brink. Not when I've got him by the balls!

"Why else would you have bothered to buy a loud, indignant nobody back at auction? Why else would you have given me so much to time to recover after your sick little sessions, when you could have easily crushed me?" Kara pressed, then a thought occurred to her and though she knew she would regret it, she also knew that this was one of the few weapons of psychological warfare she had at her disposal. "Why else would you have let me live, after all the embarrassment I've caused you? Giving me for the slaughter would have been easier, wouldn't it, David?"

"I said, that's enough!" Arlington hissed and without another word, he slung Kara over his shoulders and carried her out of the bath house. 

Kara could feel her heart begin to race as he carried her out into the hall, across the manor, and into the west wing. She saw them pass by doors, and darkened hallways, elaborate paintings, and other things, and knew that she had crossed a line. Then Kara thought she recognized something—a particular set of doors from her dark past—and her heart began to race faster, catapulting her into panic. When Arlington dropped Kara on the ground—none too gently—she was on a tiled floor, in a dark room, with only a pair of chains dangling from the ceiling. Then the door closed ominously behind them and she heard her lord lock it.

"Arlington!" Kara cried. "Don't do this...please! You don't have to do this!"

Lord Arlington ignored her pleas, picked her off the ground by her hair, and gripped both her wrists. With precision and speed, he cuffed them to the chains, then walked back into the darkness where she couldn't see him. She heard a noise like a crank, then her feet were being lifted off the floor until she was on tip-toe. If she lost her balance for just a second, all her weight was suddenly shifted onto her wrists and she could feel cold metal digging into her flesh, painful and crude. When Arlington came back into view, there was a towel wrapped around his waist and a whip curled in his hand.

"Arlington..." Kara tried again, feeling that familiar helplessness return. "Arlington, please, I—"

In one deft movement, Lord Arlington was upon her, one hand gripping her chin and raising her eyes to meet his. "So, you want to wage war with me?" Arlington whispered and Kara whimpered as his nails dug into her skin. "Very well, Kara, I'm game." 

Arlington's fingers loosened their grip and trailed down her neck, finally resting against her collar. Kara couldn't see what he did, but a second later, she could hear the device clicking loudly, and then the skin beneath her collar erupted with sharp pain. It felt like a thousand tiny needles pricking her skin and Kara screamed, though more from fear than anything else. Then it hit her—hard—an intense burst of adrenaline that exploded in her veins, very nearly knocking her unconscious. When it was over, it was as if the pain in her wrists had been muted; even the prickling in her neck was nearly gone. It all felt too familiar...anterline.

"No," Kara cried, feeling her heart sink and her voice tremble, tears almost pooling to the surface. "No, don't, Arlington...please..." 

"You know about my soft vulnerable spot," Arlington cooed in that cruel, sing song voice of his. "But I know that like me, you have a perverted side to you...a side that craves pain just as much as it craves pleasure...ready to take that perverse mind of yours for a spin?" 

"What else does this monstrous thing around my neck do?!?"

"Oh, I wouldn't want to ruin the surprise, pet," Arlington chided. "But for now, suffice it to say that I can have your body ready and waiting with a snap of my fingers." Slowly, Arlington circled her, until he was behind her and out of view. "Don't worry, it's a diluted solution—just enough to loosen up your cunt without totally sacrificing your capacity to feel pain—and we won't have to worry about developing a dependency. But for now, it'll help you enjoy what I have to offer, whether you want to or not."

The first crack of the whip startled Kara enough to make her jump and she struggled to stay on tip-toe, feeling the metal cuffs digging into her wrists. The pain of the cuffs was minimal, but the pain of the whip was not. The second crack was followed by an intense, burning pain cutting along her back and Kara cried out, the chains above her clinking loudly as her body was thrust forward. This time, she couldn't stay upright and was caught at an angle with the floor. Arlington landed another three blows across her ass—snap, snap, snap!—before he came to her aid.

"Stand up straight, Kara," Arlington hissed, grabbing her from behind by the hair until she was back on her feet. "You're going to take every last one standing tall, until all you're good for is lying on your back."

"Fuck you, my lord!" Kara spat, furious.

"Do you still see any softness?" Arlington asked, grabbing her face and forcing her to look at him yet again, but Kara refused to open her mouth and give him the satisfaction of a response. "Come on, Kara, what happened to all those clever observations of yours?"

"Just do whatever you have to do," Kara finally sighed, because they were at an impasse and there was nothing else to say. "Don't gloat, just do it."

"You're not having fun," Arlington frowned and to her immense horror, he pressed his lips against her cheek. "I think it's time we fixed that, don't you?"

When he let go, Arlington lowered the chains so that Kara could stand easily again—thank god—but then her ankles were chained to a spreader and she could feel him easing something between her legs. The intrusion made her shudder, but Arlington whispered soothing things in her ear and she could feel a softness pressing against the sensitive flesh of her pussy. Looking down, she could see a massager on the end of a long pole. When Arlington turned it on, tiny but powerful vibrations worked their way up her clit and she could immediately feel a tiny knot start to coil in her stomach, making her tremble all over, but this time in an aching, perverse ecstasy.

"No...Arlington, please, turn it off," Kara begged, because even the pain of his whip was nothing compared to the humiliation of the orgasm she knew would start building inside of her. "Please, don't make me cum...don't make me do this..."

Arlington turned up the device and Kara cried out, this time in an odd sort of half anguish/half euphoric bliss. She could still feel the vibrations coursing through her overly sensitive sex—making her thighs tremble—when she heard the whip crack and her lord landed another blow across her ass. But this time, she didn't feel pain. No, that was a lie. There was still pain, but it was an achy, insistent sort of pain that mingled with the pleasure in her belly and she felt her breath hitch. Then there was a second blow and a third. The world disappeared and Kara could only hear the crack of her lord's whip—a monotonous, never-ending drone—as it landed blows again and again and again, until every inch of skin from her shoulders to her upper thighs was on fire. But the fire only seemed to make her sex throb harder and harder, each lash pushing her closer and closer toward her own orgasm.

Kara was shocked by just how much the pain electrified everything. It seemed to amplify the pleasure and vice versa—each sensation working off of the other—creating what could only be described as exquisite torture, a phrase she never thought she'd use. The vibrations between her legs and the burning of her skin, building and building into a crescendo. Kara gasped for air as the next lash cut across her lower back and realized she was dripping sweat, on tip-toe, arching toward the sky with her pussy on fire and soaking wet. The knot in her belly tightened and suddenly, the world narrowed down to just that single pinprick of insistence between her legs. With the next crack of the whip, Kara's world erupted into white light and she arched back onto her heels, screaming. When she opened her eyes—panting desperately for air—Arlington was behind her, grabbing her ass with on hand and nibbling on her ear lobe.

"Enjoying yourself yet, pet?"

"Go to hell...go to hell!" Kara choked, very near tears, hating how easily he'd exposed her and used her. "Go to hell, my lord!"

"I asked you a question, pet. Are you enjoying yourself?" Arlington reached between the folds of her flesh, grasped her swollen clit between her fingers, and pinched, softly at first, bringing intense pleasure against her will, and then pain. "As you recall from your last bout of captivity, I don't ask rhetorical questions, do I?" 

"It doesn't mean anything..." Kara winced, arching back onto her heels in a lame attempt to escape the pain, but he pinched harder and she gasped. "If you can't get me off without drugs, then it doesn't mean anything..."

"Just training wheels, you understand," Lord Arlington growled and he released her wrists, so that Kara fell to her knees on the floor. "You'll be melting into the palm of my hand soon enough." He released her ankles, then dragged her back out into the hallway by her hair. She kept collapsing and having to be picked up again, but Arlington didn't seem to mind throwing her forward every five feet or so, until they reached his bedroom. "Get up, pet," Arlington hissed, nodding toward his bed, and Kara knew by the dark, predatory glint in his eyes that he was hungry for her. "It's my turn, now." 

Kara knew what he meant and that while she was ready for many things, this was not one of them. Whimpering piteously and wracking her brains for a way out, she tried crawling away, but Arlington picked her up easily—like a rag doll—and tossed her onto the bed. It was soft—bouncing lightly under her—and for a split second, she wished she could simply melt into its warm embrace. Then Arlington was upon her and she was clawing at the sheets, the headboard, the curtains...trying everything in her power to get away. But she was weak—completely and utterly exhausted—and it was easy to tie Kara down to the bed, spread out across the four corners like a star. Panicked, Kara checked the strength of the restraints, only to discover that escape would be impossible. 

"Shh, pet, I'm not going to hurt you," Arlington whispered and he leaned down, gently kissing her on the forehead. "Try to relax for me and this will be a lot easier."

"Arlington, please...please, don't...I..."

"Quiet, pet," Arlington ordered his tone firm, but gentler this time. "Don't make me fetch a gag."

Kara shivered as he grasped her hair and pulled her head to the side, allowing him to leave a trail of kisses from the base of her ear all the way down to her collarbone. Goosebumps raised all along her skin and she could feel it start again, that aching, itching insistence between her legs. He grabbed one of her breasts and rolled the nipple between his fingers, until it became erect in the warm room, then went to work on the other. It felt exquisite and yet Kara couldn't bear to watch, to let him see the lusty flush in her cheeks. But when she felt a sharp pain in her right nipple, she broke form and saw that Arlington had something in his hands: a thin, silver chain shaped like the letter "Y," with clamps at each end. The second clamp was applied to her left nipple and she inhaled sharply, then began to struggle as her lord's hands traced the contours of her breasts, her belly, her hips, and then finally came to rest between her legs. A sharp pain shot through her as he tightened the clamp on her clit, so that she cursed and arched her back to get away.

"Easy there, pet," Arlington whispered, greed and lust in his eyes. "That's it for now...all you have to do is lie back, relax, and feel." 

He eased his head between her legs and began to lap at her swollen, abused clit, making her whine and moan. With each little movement of his tongue, terrible pain shot through the clamped organ, but also terrible pleasure, mingling together until all that remained was an intense longing. Pushing back the luscious lips of her cunt, Arlington plunged his tongue into her aching pussy and this time, she actually did cry out, with abandon and ecstasy...because with her wrists and ankles bound, all she could do was take it. Then he gripped the chain connecting her nipples with her clit and pulled, so suddenly and harshly that she screamed again, but when he mercifully let go, each organ was tingling and alert, ready to be teased and tormented. When he came up, Arlington immediately crawled back on top of her and resting his hand behind her head, raised her lips toward his.

"Open," Arlington ordered and Kara shook her head, feeling his warm, massive cock pressing into the flesh of her thigh, just outside the entrance to her most intimate parts. "Pet..." Arlington warned. "Open up for me." He pressed his organ against her sex and in her panic, she parted her lips.

It was the first time Arlington had kissed her like this—upon the lips—and he moaned into her mouth, plunging his tongue inside and forcing his essence upon her. Then in one deft movement, he thrust his cock inside of her and Kara was crying out into his mouth, grasping the sheets on either side of her in desperation. His cock was long, but thick too, filling her up completely and of its own will, her cunt clenched down on his organ. Arlington released her lips then and with his hands in hers, began to thrust, each movement sending his cock right up against her g-spot and simultaneously, jostling the clamp on her red, aching clit. Kara tried to stay quiet—she didn't want to egg him on or for him to gain any satisfaction from her predicament—but it was building again, that knot in her stomach, and soon she was arching off the bed, groaning and sobbing as her body seemed to erupt with a million sensations, of pain and pleasure and tingling and sharpness and sweat and heart beats. 

"There's a good girl," Arlington praised, but Kara was so lost in the myriad of conflicting, complimentary sensations that she couldn't find the will to speak. "Cum for me, Kara."

"I won't," Kara manged in a wrangled cry, but they both knew it was a lie. Her orgasm was building more steadily now, until all Kara could feel was the tightening in her belly and the rhythmic movement of Arlington above her, grunting ferociously as he plowed into her. "I won't...I won't...I—" Kara's entire body convulsed as she came in his arms, the entire world undulating with pleasure. The site of her naked body, contorted with passion, seemed to be the final straw for Arlington and he bit her shoulder—hard—groaning as his cock swelled and trembled inside of her. Kara could feel his finger nails dig into her flesh as he came, his hot seed filling her up as he cried out in deep, lustful tones. 

Kara didn't struggle as she came down from...from what? Ecstasy? Panic? She wasn't sure what, but her head space was foggy, the world felt faraway, and oddly enough, she felt peaceful with Arlington collapsed on top of her, his breathing gradually slowing and his heartbeat vibrating through her chest. When she looked at him, he sat up, tilted her chin up, and kissed her on the lips.

"Next time you think of probing into my psyche..." Arlington began, but then he paused, unsure of himself.

"What?"

"Never mind," Arlington quickly corrected, a soft smile on his lips. "Let's get you cleaned up."

Kara lay still as Arlington began to unbind her wrists, when the entire room suddenly shuddered. At first, Kara thought she might be hallucinating, but them it happened again, making all the furniture in Arlington's room vibrate ever so slightly. A few books fell off the shelves, then some china from his private dinning table. It felt like...an earthquake? Then she heard it, in the distance, like lightening or maybe fireworks.
"Already?" Arlington hissed, suddenly concerned, and he raced for the window, picking up his phone as he went, for it had started ringing almost instantaneously. "Explain?" Arlington ordered into the phone and whoever he was talking to took a long time doing so, but when the conversation seemed to be over, he looked back toward Kara. She saw it again then, that soft spot glimmering in his eyes, almost guilty. But they became cold again as soon as he spoke. "On second thought, you won't be getting cleaned up. It seems General Benjamin Karrington has launched an air assault on Capital City and we have a conference call at the Statehouse in a half hour." As the words registered, Kara felt the fog lifting, leaving her just as cold as Arlington looked. "I'm sure he'd love to see you again."