Kara strode swiftly down the hall, Alyssa and her men trailing close behind. It was oddly empowering, serving as a veritable human shield, but nerve wracking as well. Every time a panel opened up in the wall and revealed another trap, Kara could feel blood pounding in her ears. She wasn't an idiot. Kara knew that her survival depended on Arlington and his tolerance for her defiance. There was always that chance—no matter how small—that his policy had changed since the last loaded hall. If he wanted to slow Alyssa down, he wouldn't need to kill Kara. He'd only have to hurt her. Very, very badly perhaps, but she'd still be alive.

It was oddly quiet as they made their way through the carpeted hotel and abandoned rooms of the thirteenth floor. The only sound came from the swiveling of the cameras above them. The noise set Kara's teeth on edge and at every step, an overwhelming urge to shoot the damn things consumed her. But with their ammo so low, Alyssa had forbidden it. Kara had to make due with her murderous fantasies, letting her fingers trace the contours of her pistol. The cold, hard metal helped her feel safe. This time, it felt as if her fate was in her own hands.

"Oh, fuck..." Alyssa cursed and Kara started as a mechanical clicking echoed down the hallway, soft at first, then louder. "Oh, fucking fuck fuck...get back! I said get back!"

A panel opened up in the hall ahead of them, then another one and finally, a third. Kara could feel herself tense as a dozen or so darts shot out from inside their dark interiors, cutting through the air with immense speed. Panicked, Kara ducked behind the nearest partition and cowered as the darts embedded themselves just beyond her hiding spot. Turning, she saw that Alyssa and her unit had also been forced to retreat into the safety of a blind spot, guns raised and gas masks foggy. Kara was the only one of them who wasn't armed to the teeth and wearing protective gear. With her torn afternoon gown and pitiful little ten shot, she felt almost naked, like she'd been caught wearing jeans and a T-shirt to a fancy ball.

"Looks like we've got another loaded hall," Eugene whispered, carefully peeking out past a corner. "Maybe two...no, three automated traps."

"No shit, detective insight...Kara, you ready to disarm?"

Kara could feel herself shaking, but nodded. 

"Yeah, of course. I'm ready."

"May the gods favor you, Oh Chosen One," Eugene quipped, bowing low and gesturing toward the hall beyond. "Your power shall never be doubted." There was a coy little smile on his lips.

"Where do you get these guys?" Kara snapped, glaring over at Alyssa, but the weapons specialist only smirked. "Do you naturally attract overly dramatic men to you? Or do you just enjoy having another smart-ass around to keep you company?" Kara knew she was being unfair—Eugene was just trying to make her feel better, inserting a little humor into their dire situation—but it still made her mad for some reason. 

"Come on, Chosen One, we don't have all day," Alyssa laughed, but her tone wasn't devoid of sympathy and she patted Kara's back reassuringly. "We await your holy miracles with baited breath."

"Yeah, good luck, Chosen One!"

"Do you think I could get a vial of tears or something after this is all done?"

"Don't ask the Chosen One for miracles; it's very disrespectful!"

Kara grumbled under her breath as the Security Unit erupted into laughter, but a secret little smile caught hold of her anyway. Trying her best to hide it, she snatched up her tool box and walked back into the hall. It was best not to think about what could happen. Better to just blaze the trail ahead and deal with whatever did happen. Alyssa had shown her several halls back how to disarm these sorts of traps and she quickly headed towards the nearest one, trying not to wonder if Arlington still thought her "indispensable." As usual, the cameras followed her every move. The closer she got, the more interested they became, narrowing in on her like a swarm of sentient crows, their dark lenses resembling beady black eyes. 

Kara was only three feet away from the first trap when suddenly, there was a frightening clicking sound, then a loud swoosh as a series of darts left their canisters. Kara could only stand there and wait—the blood rushing in her ears—as they flew toward her, finally embedding themselves in the wall behind her. Her heart was threatening to burst from her chest when it was over. Frantically, Kara patted herself down and when she found herself unharmed, slowly glanced over her shoulder. The darts had formed an outline of her body—like a chalk outline—which Kara found a little more than disconcerting. 

"Kara! Kara! Are you, okay?" Alyssa shouted over the earpiece. "Answer me, medic, are you okay?"

"I'm fine...I'm fine," Kara breathed, grabbing her tool box and standing to her feet. "Just a bluff, like always. I—" It was weird...but suddenly, she could hear just the tiniest, softest sound, not unlike an oncoming tidal wave. No, like dozens of feet upon carpet, soft and yet, powerful. But by the time Kara realized what was really happening, it was too late. "No...Alyssa that wasn't a bluff! It was a distraction! We need to—"

There was no time to finish her sentence.

Alyssa had been expecting the dragons to show up eventually; Kara was actually surprised it had taken them so long. Before she had time to fully process what was going on, the first wave of assassins turned the corner up ahead, all dressed in sleek cloaks and heavy boots. Cursing, Kara unsheathed the pistol by her side, but by then they were already upon her. She winced, waiting for impact, but to her surprise, they bypassed her completely. Kara could actually feel a light breeze on her cheeks as they raced by, weapons drawn, barreling into Alyssa's men just as they rounded the bend.

Kara gripped her pistol and turned to join them, but then she could see Lord Arlington enter into view. For a brief moment, she felt physically paralyzed. He was as serene and handsome as always, wearing a bullet proof body vest which accentuated his figure rather nicely, outlining his abs and powerfully built biceps. Oddly enough, he didn't even glance in her direction, but Kara soon knew why. Her lord was currently occupied with Alyssa's men, three of whom had abandoned the battle behind her in order to take on the head dragon himself. A small sliver of hope rose up in her chest as Arlington found himself surrounded, but as soon as she saw that slight smile on his face, Kara knew that it was all over. Aiming carefully, Arlington shot and killed his first opponent, then grabbed him as he fell in order to use the corpse as a shield. With inhuman speed, he then rushed upon the other two, breaking one's neck before pinning the other against the wall and bashing his skull in with the butt of his pistol.

Kara could only stand there and let sheer terror envelope her. She didn't know why. Kara knew Lord Arlington. She knew he was one of the Four Lords, a war mastermind, and an assassin with the Crimson Dragons. Still, seeing him like this changed everything. In that moment, Kara became acutely aware of her mortality. It occurred to her for the first time—really, truly occurred to her—that the only reason she still breathed was because Arlington wished it.

"Kara, what are you doing?" Alyssa screamed, but she sounded very far away, as if she were under water. "Kara, we have to go and regroup somewhere else, alright?"

"He just killed three people," Kara breathed, as if in a trance. "In less than a minute, he killed three people."

"Kara, if we don't get out of here now, we never will!" Alyssa tried, grabbing onto Kara's arm and suddenly, the trance lifted. Everything was loud again and Alyssa was screaming in her ear. "Come on, before we all end up as a blood spatter on the wall!"

Alyssa was right, Kara realized, and clutching her gun, she spun back around. But there was something in her way, something massive and dark. No, not something, Kara realized. Someone. Swallowing hard, Kara looked up, only to see Lord Arlington grinning down on her, more intimidating than she'd ever seen him.

"Going somewhere, pet?"

"Leave her alone, Arlington," Alyssa growled, withdrawing a dagger from its sheath and stepping between the two of them. "You can deal with her later, after you're done with me."

"Oh, don't worry, Terrance. I haven't forgotten you," Arlington hissed and his eyes became unusually dark. "If not for you, I might not even be in this mess to begin with." Turning toward one of his men—bruised and bloodied—Lord Arlington grabbed Kara by the shoulder and pushed her forward. "Tyrion, get her out of here before she does something else stupid and gets herself killed."

"No," Kara whispered, her voice wavering at first, but it became more strained as she felt Tyrion's hands on her, picking her up and slinging her over his shoulder. "No, no...no!" Struggling ferociously, Kara desperately tried to claw her way back toward her teammates, cursing and scratching the entire way, but her captor didn't so much as flinch. "Arlington, don't!" Kara screamed, pleading with her eyes. "I'll do whatever you want—I'll be whatever you want—just please, don't hurt her!"

As Tryion carried her away, Kara could feel an inhuman strength rise within her, cold and merciless. With a grunt of effort, she rammed her elbow into Tyrion's jaw and heard a disturbing crunch. His gripped wavered for only a moment, but that was all Kara needed to wrench free of his grasp and get to her gun. Instinct took over and without even meaning to, she'd shot him in the shoulder, so that he finally lost his grip and fell to his knees. Then, the nozzle of her pistol was between his eyes and there was a spatter of blood and time seemed to stand still.

All around Kara there was carnage, dark blood upon the walls, bullets bursting in air, smoke circling the ceiling above. It smelt of iron and gunpowder and blood. It reminded Kara of Gardok. She felt just as helpless now as she had back then...utterly useless. Arlington and Alyssa were sparring, sparks flying between his sword and her dagger, but there was nothing she could do to stop it. Kara could feel the reality of the situation digging into her, twisting her gut like a rusty knife. She was only ever good for picking up the pieces after a fight, for sewing up the wounds, for bandaging the burns, but to actually prevent the damage?

Looking down at Tyrion's corpse, Kara noticed a small pouch tied around his waist and spilling out of it, a dozen or so throwing stars. Immediately she recognized them, those little auto-timers her uncle had introduced her to years ago. Then, an idea occurred to her. It was a stupid idea, Kara knew that. She also knew that if she went through with it, Kara would most likely be going home with Arlington. But Alyssa was fairly certain their hacker was near the Negotiation Hall, where Arlington's best men would have been able to keep on eye on her during the peace settlement. If Kara could get Arlington away from her unit, Alyssa might still have a chance to take back the hotel and save some of the council. Scooping up the pouch, Kara grabbed an auto-timer and narrowed in on Lord Arlington, but then a rush of static exploded in her ears.

"Come in, Kara. For god's sake, answer me, please...please, be okay."

"Oh, god, Ben?" Kara replied, clutching her earpiece desperately, as if it might up and fly away if she didn't. "Ben, is it you?"

"Kara, tell me where you are. I'm coming to get you."

Ducking into an adjacent hall, Kara clutched her pistol to her chest and waited. Amid all the chaos, she should have been able to safely slip away, but you never knew. "I'm on the thirteenth floor," Kara whispered, glancing over her shoulder and breathing hard. "Arlington's men have completely surrounded us." Just then, there was a series of gunshots and then some desperate shouting, probably a last ditch effort by Alyssa's unit to regroup. "Where are you?" Kara asked, sounding panicked. "What happened down there?"

"Arlington snuck a few moles onto Council Woman Silveine's personal security unit. When things went sour, he had the upper hand. Arlington's already got most of the council in his custody."

"Shit, we were too careless! We should have—" This time, it was an explosion that interrupted Kara, rocking the whole floor and sending her flying into the ground. When she finally scrambled to her feet, the gunfire had noticeably intensified and Kara could feel herself shaking. "Ben, we're getting slaughtered up here!"

"Can you slip away, until I make it up there?"

"W...what?"

"Can you slip away from the fight, until I can come and get you?"

For some reason, Ben's offer didn't fill Kara with hope. Instead, it almost made her sad. "Ben, I...I'm really, really sorry...," Kara started, uncomfortable. "But I can't go with you." The words came out as if of their own volition, but as soon as Kara had spoken them, she knew they were true. 

"What do you mean, you can't come with me?" The silence on Ben's end must have lasted a few seconds at most, but they felt like an eternity. "Kara, can you slip away or not?"

"I could...but Ben, I'm not going to."

"Kara, now's not the time," Ben hissed, though he sounded more concerned than angry. "Whatever you're planning, whatever you're thinking..."

"I'm thinking...maybe it's time I stop...stop cowering in the safety of your shadow while everyone else is risking their lives for the greater good," Kara blurted, not really sure where that had come from, but unable to stop. "Maybe I'm tired of running from Lord Arlington...looking over my shoulder every few feet...waiting for him to sneak up on me..."

"Kara, listen to yourself...you're not thinking straight..."

"Maybe I'd rather face my fears head on, so that when he finally does catch me, it's on my terms. Maybe his obsession with me isn't a curse; maybe it's a weapon. If I have the power to stop this...or even just slow it all down...and don't, what kind of person does that make me?"

"This isn't a discussion anymore; You're staying put and waiting for me!" Ben screamed and Kara started. Ben had never once raised his voice to her like that, but then again, what had she expected? "Kara, you can't just decide to put yourself in danger like this," Ben continued, angry and hurt. "Not when Querren and I need you!"

"This isn't working out for me, Ben."

"What...I don't..."

"Us, Ben. We're not working out." Kara trembled as she spoke and felt tears starting to form on her cheeks, but she knew in her heart this was the only way. If Arlington caught her—which he most likely would—she couldn't allow Ben to risk his own life running after her, not again. Kara couldn't take it anymore—all the people who'd died at her expense. If she were going to face Lord Arlington, it would have to be alone. "Maybe in a few years, when this is all over, we'll meet again," Kara told him, trying to sound hopeful. "Then, maybe we'll start over. Maybe you can ask me out and we'll slowly fall in love. But not like this, Ben. Not like this. You and me...it's over. You need to let me go."

"You don't mean that..." Ben was whispering and though he tried to hide it, Kara thought she caught a sniffle, too. "Kara, please, don't do this..."

"You see, that's the problem with us," Kara sighed, a sad smile on her lips. "I know you mean well, but you've always had me on a leash. Only when it's convenient do you give me the freedom to fight my own battles, but when the circumstances are more dire, you're ready and waiting to tug me back. You're trying to save me, but you're suffocating me." Taking out the earpiece, Kara stood to her feet and tried to ignore the horrible, sinking feeling in her chest, to no avail. "I need to do this and if I'm still on your leash, I can't." 

"Kara, we can talk about this!" Ben cried, loud enough that she could hear him, even with her earpiece clutched in the palm of her hand. "Kara, don't hang up on me!"

"Goodbye, Ben," Kara whispered and when her earpiece had fallen to the ground, she stomped it out. "Goodbye." 

<>***<>

"No, the big one is mine," Alyssa hissed, waving away a gaggle of men that had come to her aid, though her deadly gaze was more than sufficient. "You'd make a fabulous rug, you know," she added, turning back toward Arlington. "If I could only find a worthy taxidermist."

"Don't count your chickens before they've hatched," Arlington retorted, reaching behind him and withdrawing a long sword from it's sheath. Alyssa noticed that while he focused primarily on her, he'd occasionally look around the room, on the off chance someone planned to intervene. That'd be as good a time as any to make a move. "Now, you're sure you want to do this with a butter knife?" Arlington inquired, nodding toward Alyssa's dagger. "I wouldn't be opposed to a gun fight."

"Pfft...if I'm going to kill you, it'll be with my own two hands."

"Suit yourself."

Alyssa waited until his eyes flickered away, then lunged with a ferocious scream. Arlington was quick on the draw though and managed to parry her attack, sending sparks into the air, like an array of golden fireworks. Cursing, Alyssa dodged his counter, using her small size to whip behind him and slip out of his line of view.

"You're done, this time!" Alyssa cried, charging Arlington once more and grunting with effort as their blades met, the sound of metal on metal ringing in her ears. "Finished!" 

Arlington ignored her, effortlessly blocking her own attacks before swinging his weapon back around and aiming with unnerving precision. The next time their blades met, Alyssa's dagger was flung from her hand and she was forced to retreat backwards, frantically searching the ground for an abandoned weapon. It hurt her pride to do so, but she had no choice but to go for her pistol. Sneering, Arlington sheathed his sword and reached for his own gun.

But then, Alyssa say Kara coming up behind him and time seemed to stand still.

Alyssa's first reaction was to groan inwardly, silently cursing Kara for recklessly charging into battle, where she'd inevitably be a handicap. But then Alyssa noticed something peculiar in her eyes, something off. Kara was charging full force toward them, her expression unusually dark and her hair a tangled mess. It was hard not to become entranced by that fierce look, but in her hands the medic was clutching a crimson gem and once she'd figured out what it was, Alyssa's frustration became concern. 

The hell is she doing with an auto-timer? Alyssa wondered, getting nervous now, but still watching Arlington from the corner of her eye. Goddamn it, Kara, what are you thinking? A lot of possibilities crossed Alyssa's mind, but she didn't expect Kara to stop ten feet away from them, give Alyssa a sad smile, then toss the auto-timer straight up into the air, where it lodged itself into the ceiling...immediately above her.

"Oh, fuck, Kara!" Alyssa screamed and immediately, Arlington spun around, his face etched with concern. "Kara, are you fucking insane, move!"

"I've reset it for thirty seconds," Kara told her, but she was staring at Arlington as she spoke, her eyes unblinking. "I haven't got much to offer you, Alyssa, but please, don't waste this."

Immediately, Arlington cursed under his breath and sheathing his sword, charged full force toward Kara. 

Alyssa saw him make contact—watched as his arms enveloped her and he brought her to the floor, rolling a short distance away and shielding her with his body—or at least that's what Alyssa thought she saw. The image was dissolved in an instant as the auto-timer went off and erupted into smoke and flame. It went off with a tremendous bang, deceptively loud for such a small explosive, flinging Alyssa through the air. She hit the ground hard and felt pain in her right arm, but forced herself to her feet and toward the smoldering pile of rubble up ahead. There was no sound save for the ringing in her ears and the entire ground seemed to be tilting under her, but Alyssa made it.
"Kara! Karaaaaaaa!" Alyssa screamed, digging desperately through the debris. "Kara, are you alive?!? Karaaaa! Fucking hell, are you alive?!?"

"Commander we have to go!" Eugene panted, grabbing Alyssa by the shoulders and shaking her furiously. "Commander, she gave us a chance and we can't waste it!"

Alyssa hesitated, but only for a moment. 

"Thanks, Eugene," Alyssa replied, turning toward him with a peculiar expression on her face. She wasn't usually prone to those kinds of hysterics and the slip-up frightened her, but Alyssa forced herself to put on a sarcastic smile anyway, as if nothing had happened. "Always the voice of reason. You're right, though. We've got no time for romantics. We'll finish up here, then proceed as planned."

"Is that an order, Commander?"

"Damn straight it is!"

"I much prefer it when you're bossy, Commander."

With a sympathetic smile, Eugene drew his weapon and together with Alyssa, they barreled back into battle, where the few remaining dragons were still wreaking havoc. With a blood curdling scream, Alyssa shot down the first two opponents to approach her, then barreled into a third. She looked unusually young for a dragon—maybe eighteen and certainly no older than twenty-two—with fabulous red hair and a smirk to match that of Arlington's. They danced for a few seconds, knives drawn and clashing, but then someone whistled sharply over the din and the girl flipped backward and out of reach, redirecting her attention to a much older gentleman, temporarily disengaged from the battle. 

"What are you doing, Eliza?!?" he shouted over the gunfire and it suddenly occurred to Alyssa that she was dealing with a mere apprentice. "If you remember the briefing, Terrance has a sloppy fighting style, use that to your advantage; don't give her the benefit of attacking head on!" The red head nodded, sheathing her dagger and drawing a pistol in the process. "See if you can't take advantage of her short temper, too!"

"I do not have a short temper!" Alyssa snarled, offended. 

She raised her own weapon, but just then, there was a horrible screeching sound, so high pitched it shattered the decorative mirrors along the walls, sending glass everywhere. A sharp pain erupted in Alyssa's ears and she almost lost her footing, but she sure as hell wasn't going to make herself easy prey for any dragon, apprentice or otherwise. When the lights flickered and then shut off completely, she charged onward into the darkness anyway, even as a series of rapid fire gunshots filled the air. But when the lights turned back on, Alyssa was—for the first time that day—at a complete loss at what to do.

"Commander," Eugene breathed, his voice trembling. "What...what is this?"

The red head who, a moment before, had been charging straight toward her was now on the floor, bleeding from a gaping wound in her head. In fact, Alyssa realized as she turned about, every dragon was lying in a pool of blood on the floor, dead. The cameras had been destroyed, too. Every last one, leaving Alyssa and her men standing in the center of a massacre. Cursing, Alyssa motioned for her men to gather in, back to back, where it'd be easier to mount a defense. Closing in on them from all sides were a brand of enemies Alyssa did not immediately recognize, all dressed in black, like the infamous tribe of ninja who roamed the Open Desert. Then, emerging from the darkness stepped a figure Alyssa did recognize—tall and regal and all in purple.  

"Lord Sillias?" Eugene gasped and Alyssa raised her hand for silence, shutting him up instantly.

"Don't drop your guard. Dragon slayers or not, they're still Isleydorian," Alyssa hissed, eyeing the hall warily and watching with growing concern as the dark clad figures began to step in closer, arranging themselves in a circle and surrounding them completely. "Gentlemen, keep your guns at the ready."

"I've always admired that about you," Lord Sillias began, stepping toward her with slow, deliberate steps. "You always expect the worst from people. It can't be easy: the sheer weight of pessimism...I know the feeling, truly I do. You and I are alike in that respect."

"I wasn't aware that you knew of me," Alyssa replied, her voice clipped. The causality with which Sillias spoke concerned her, but she couldn't let it show. "Then again, I suppose being one of Arlington's enemies is its own claim to fame." 

"Oh, I know a lot about you. Much, much more than you'd like me to," Lord Sillias grinned, in her awkward, lopsided way. It was eerie even, but as long as she was talking, Alyssa had time to assess the situation, to figure something out. "I've been drawn to you for a while now, ever since your first splash at Bremmington. I've been watching you carefully; drawn into your world. Like I said, you and I are alike."

"How so?" Alyssa inquired, trying to keep her talking. 

"We make the difficult decisions that men with a conscience can't bear to make," Lord Sillias replied, with a dismissive wave of her hand. "Oh, our friends call us callous. Cold, even. But they've got as all wrong. Sure, we may not follow in the footsteps of saints." Lord Sillias shrugged and shared a meaningful glance with Alyssa, pausing at the blood stains on her shirt. "But it is not because we despise purity. On the contrary, we discard our moral code so as to even the playing field and give goodness a fighting chance. We sin, so that others can remain sinless."

"I've never been much for riddles," Alyssa told her. 

"I don't see how I could be more straightforward," Lord Sillias answered and for a moment, she seemed genuinely confused. "To accomplish great good, we must also commit great evil. You know this; I know this. But perhaps a demonstration is in order."

Alyssa had been so lost in thought—trying to reconcile Lord Sillias' allegiance to Arlington with this new development—that she didn't notice just how close her men were until there was a bag over her head. Struggling against her assailant, she could only hear silence and then five clean, clear gun shots, just enough to finish off the rest of her men. She screeched bloody murder and could feel in her heart a great, heavy pang as Eugene's body hit the floor beside her with a soft thud. But it was no use. Alyssa could smell chloroform soaking in through the cloth and her clawing became more frantic, but even she knew the struggle was only for show. 

"I hope this doesn't ruin our partnership." Alyssa could still hear Sillias through the cloth, but she sounded out of focus and drawn out, as if speaking from under water. "But like I said, you—you of all people—should understand."

<>***<>

Kara braced herself as Arlington barreled into her, bringing them both tumbling to the ground. His enormous body enveloped hers and within the darkness of his embrace she could smell his expensive cologne, mingled with the sweat of battle and the smoke in the air. For a moment, she could almost believe she were back in the ballroom, dancing beside him, when an explosion shook the hall. Arlington tried to roll out of the way, but the sheer force of it threw them both across the hall, where they hit the ground hard. Kara could feel the air being knocked out of her lungs and gasped piteously for breath, but Arlington was back on his feet in an instant and lifting her over his shoulder. Debris rained down all around them, but Arlington expertly navigated the dangers. 

It made Kara furious. How dare he protect me, Kara thought with a snarl. After all he's done. It wasn't fair; he shouldn't get to play the hero and villain all at once, but he was. Perhaps her plan wouldn't have worked otherwise, but that didn't make Arlington's behavior any more justifiable. With a growl, Kara wrenched herself free of Arlington's grasp and tumbled to the floor, well aware that he'd be after her in a moment's notice. Quickly, she stepped out of his reach, gun drawn and freshly loaded, face set, ready for the final battle. 

"It's just you and me now," Kara told him, the words coming of their own volition. "No one to come to my rescue; no one to get in my way."

"Beg." 

"Excuse me?" Kara chuckled, an unconcealed smirk on her face. The little laugh surprised both of them, but Kara decided to go with it. Anything that threw Arlington off was a positive. 

"You heard me, pet. Get on your knees, crawl over to me, and beg."

"I've got a gun on you," Kara hissed, though his confidence was as nerve wracking as ever. "I have no intention of begging your forgiveness. Not now. Not ever again."

"Last chance, pet. After this, I'm not going to be accepting apologies." 

"You know what?" Kara began, a little more casually than the situation warranted. "You've got a lot of personality flaws: you're obnoxious, self-centered, narcissistic, and spend way too much money on your clothes. But really, the worst of it all is that you're extremely annoying." That made Arlington smirk and Kara didn't miss it, either. "See?" Kara groaned, gesturing toward him. "Even you know how insufferable you are."

"That's not a very convincing apology."

"Don't be dense. It doesn't suit you," Kara replied, taking aim. "I don't plan on apologizing."

"You're seriously going to try and kill me?"

Kara decided to let her gun do the talking for her. Keeping in mind proper form and all the other little tricks Ben had taught her, Kara raised her weapon, put her finger against the trigger, and pulled. It was a good thing she'd just seen Arlington murder three men. Watched him attack Alyssa. Because otherwise, she wouldn't have been able to go through with it and she knew it. But Kara was angry—she could feel rage boiling her blood, souring her usually kind disposition—and she had every intention of using that rage. Then Arlington carefully stepped to the left, effectively dodging the bullet, and a whole new kind of emotion consumed her.

"You can dodge bullets."

It wasn't a question, more a statement of fact.

"You're a beginner," Arlington told her, almost patronizingly, but with a peculiar gentleness, as if he didn't want to damage her ego. "Your posture, your intense focus, your careful aim all give you away. Unless you decide to use rapid fire, you're going to miss. I know exactly where your shot will end up, before you even fire."

"Oh, you know me, Arlington. Probably even better than I know myself," Kara replied, glancing at the hole in the wall behind his head. "I'm an unabashed optimist, but I should have known it wouldn't be that easy." 

With a sudden twirl of her heel, Kara leapt toward Arlington and fired three shots in rapid succession, trying to create a broad spray of deadly metal. Arlington quickly somersaulted onto the ground, letting the bullets fly over him and bury themselves in plaster. But this time, he didn't pause. With his characteristic smirk, he got back to his feet and charged. Whatever calm Kara had been holding onto, it started to waver at the sight of Arlington coming at her full force. Cursing, she shot in his general direction, watching with rising panic as he somehow managed to evade the spray. He was almost upon her when Kara raised her weapon one last time, pressing it against Arlington's temple as he barreled into her, wrapping his arms around her. I've got to do this, Kara thought, her finger pressing against the trigger. I don't have a choice. Wincing, Kara pulled the trigger and felt a jolt run through her arm. She expected to feel warm blood on her face then. The smell of gun power. A low sigh. But with her eyes tight shut, Kara suddenly felt warm lips against her ear, turned up in a short of triumphant grin. 

"That's only got ten shots," Arlington whispered. 

"I...I swear, I was counting," Kara began, flustered, but it was lie; she'd been far too panicked to bother. "I...I...I know that I had one left..."

"Don't beat yourself up about it," Arlington grinned and he gripped both her wrists in one hand, pinning them above her and trapping her against the wall. "You and I have always known how this story ends, with you curled up at my feet before the fireplace."

"No, I—"

"Sure, there were frustrating moments of doubt, when I was so close I could almost taste you and you could feel my presence at you back," Arlington continued, irritably nonchalant about the whole thing, and he began to stroke Kara's cheek, so gently it made her shiver. "But in the back of our minds, we always knew that your luck would run out eventually and this little game of cat and mouse would have to come to an end."

"Is that so?" Kara choked, feeling herself temporarily waver under his penetrating gaze. But the longer she stared into his deep, blue eyes, the more comfortable she became with that look and the more confident she grew. "Because I don't think this story will end with me curled up by your feet. I think this story ends with you wrapped around my little finger." 

"Oh, haven't you noticed? You already have me wrapped around your little finger," Arlington smiled and when Kara looked up at him, bewildered, he laughed. "What, this isn't how you imagined it?"

"Don't underestimate me, Arlington," Kara growled, angry at herself for being caught off guard. "You know better than that."

"Oh, indeed, I do," Lord Arlington replied darkly. Quickly, Kara tried to bolt away from him, but he was too strong and her position was too compromising. Standing on tiptoe, unable to move, she had no choice but to face him. "You've surprised me in more ways than I could have ever anticipated," Arlington whispered and to her surprise, he seemed pleased. "I've been publicly humiliated by you, forced to chase you around the continent, teased and tormented by you at a distance. At one time, yes, I did underestimate you. But now? Well, you've lost the privilege of being underestimated."

"Is that supposed to scare me?" Kara hissed, though she could feel her heart beat racing in her chest and from the knowing look on Arlington's face, she suspected that he could feel it, too. "Alright, even if you do frighten me, do you really expect me to beg your forgiveness?"

"You already had that chance and you decided not to take it," Arlington cooed and he released Kara's wrists, only to grab her by the throat and pin her more forcefully against the wall. His grip wasn't strong enough to choke her—it even had a gentleness about it, as if Arlington were holding a small bird—but Kara panicked anyway and grabbed his arms, trying to pull him off. "I'm going to make you scream in agony and desire," Lord Arlington whispered, brushing his lips against her ear and kissing her cheek softly. "I will make you crave that which only I can give. I will plunge your entire being—mind, body, and soul—into the darkness, only to save you at the last second and cradle your exhausted body in my arms. And at the end of it all, you won't have any idea where the pain ends and the pleasure begins."

"Do you worst!" Kara screamed and she spat in his face, watching with immense satisfaction as he wiped the drool away, a little surprised maybe, but no worse for wear. "Go ahead, I can take it!"

"My worst?" Arlington asked, tsking as if she were a belligerent child. "Pet, I always aim to do my best."

Looking up at Lord Arlington, Kara knew that he meant every word. There was no mercy in his eyes, no pity, and no remorse. Kara knew that today, she'd be leaving with Lord Arlington and once he had her alone, the games would begin. The mere thought made her nauseous, but there was also a strange sense of relief. She felt as if there had been an elusive monster hiding under her bed for weeks, never quite able to catch her, and now that it had, the awful anticipation was finally at an end. The monster had surfaced and as long as she could look it in the face, it no longer had the terrifying, mysterious unknown to work with.

"Bring it on. I'm ready this time," Kara whispered, giving Arlington her most defiant smirk. "Are you?"

"Almost." 

In one swift move, Arlington released Kara, but only so that he could throw her to the ground. There wasn't time to react before Kara felt his knee pressing into the small of her back, holding her steady and immobile. When she heard the gentle swish of a dagger being unsheathed, she panicked, but Arlington stroked her shoulder comfortingly.

"Shh, pet, I'm not going to hurt you," Arlington told Kara and she could feel his fingers in her hair, bushing out the tangles and making little goosebumps erupt along her scalp. "I'm just going to take care of a little business, man-to-man."

Kara wasn't sure what he meant until he had grasped her hair clip and began to drag it down toward the end of her pony tail. Screaming bloody murder, she struggled in his grasp, but Arlington adjusted himself so that he was straddling her, then grasped her flailing arms by the wrist. This still left one hand free and though she cried out in protest, Kara could feel an ominous tension and then release as the hair clip, along with a few brown locks, was cut away.

"Arlington, please, don't do this," Kara hissed, trying to sound as insistent as possible, so that, just maybe, Arlington would see reason. "You don't even need to do this. I already told you, it's just you and me now. Ben is out of the picture." 

"Oh, and I'm sure he sees it that way, too?" Lord Arlington teased, but Kara knew he was right. Ben had no intention of letting her go, at least not without a fight. "And how did your knight in shinning armor take to being let go?"

"That's no business of yours!"

"No business of mine?" Arlington snapped and Kara knew she'd hit a nerve. "Is it not my business when one of my girls runs off with another man?"

"I've had many men before you, my lord. And when this is all over, I'll have many more."

"Do you remember that evening—it seems so long ago—when you called for your little friend out in the countryside?" Lord Arlington asked, his voice calmer now, more methodical. "Do you remember what I told you that night?"

Kara did, of course. 

The words had haunted her dreams, slipped into her thoughts when she'd least expected it.

You are mine, Arlington had told her. All those you contact will be drawn toward me just as readily as they are drawn toward you. We are inseparable entities, you and I.

"This...this is different," Kara tried, though she didn't really believe it herself. "It's just you and me now, Arlington."

"I wish it were, pet," Arlington told her and for once, he sounded sympathetic. "But you've pulled the general into this mess and now, like it or not, I'm going to have to deal with him." With that, Lord Arlington stood to his feet and pulled Kara up with him. Trying to hold back the tears, she watched as he tossed her hair clip down the hall, signaling the end to her meager taste of freedom. But when Arlington turned back toward her, a pair of cuffs dangling from his fingers, she put on her bravest face. "Hands behind your back, pet," Lord Arlington ordered. "I don't think you'd like being forced into them."

"Those won't be necessary," Kara replied, being sure to keep her voice even. "I'm not going to fight you."

"Really?"

"Yes, really," Kara breathed, clenching her fists defiantly by her sides. "Because I'm not a prisoner this time." That seemed to catch Lord Arlington off guard and for a moment, he looked intrigued. "This time, I'm choosing to go with you, so that I can make a difference. I'm not going to be dragged, kicking and screaming, into a crate, like I did back at the auction hall. I'm going to go with dignity. I'm going because I know that I'm your only weakness and if anyone can stop you, it's me."

"Ah, I see, you mean to dissect me...like one of your patients, I suppose," Lord Arlington mused and an unfamiliar expression suddenly flickered across his features. At first, Kara couldn't quite place it, but after staring at him long enough, she realized what had changed. Normally so cold, Arlington's eyes had melted and underneath, she could see a glimpse of something human. "I'm sorry to disappoint you, pet," Lord Arlington told her and miraculously, there was sincerity in his tone. "But you can't save me."
"That sounds like a challenge," Kara blurted, before she could stop herself, but now that she'd said that much, there was no reason to hold back. "Even demons can be redeemed."

"You haven't met many demons, I take it."

"Trust me, my lord, one is plenty."

There was a long, awkward pause as Arlington looked Kara over, a peculiar expression on his face. She was dying to know what he was thinking—what sorts of considerations were running through his head—but soon the mask returned and as usual, he became unreadable, like a book written in some foreign tongue, both dark and mysterious. A slow smile gradually returned to his face and Kara realized that whatever the revelation, it pleased her lord immensely.

"I wasn't kidding, the night of the reception," Kara continued, just to make her point one hundred percent clear. "I'm going to find that soft vulnerable spot. One of us will be broken at the end of all this, but I can guarantee it won't be me."

"Well then, after you," Lord Arlington told her and he bowed low, gesturing for Kara to go ahead of him. "Your chariot awaits, Oh Chosen One."

Kara ignored the obnoxious smirk on his face and stepped carefully down the hall, glancing for a moment in a passing mirror. There, she saw a new woman staring back at her—dress torn and dirty, skin scraped and bloody, eyes dark and unwavering. It was exactly the kind of woman she wanted to be and suddenly, Arlington's footsteps—which had been mirroring her own—didn't seem so terrifying. Once they reached the elevator, Arlington merely nodded toward one of the cameras and the doors parted. 

After the elevator ascended and finally opened up, Kara found herself on the roof. The wind was so powerful, it threatened to knock her down onto the concrete, but she braced herself against the onslaught and stepped gracefully forward. Sure enough, there was a helicopter waiting for them, with Isleydor's symbol—a blue and green star—emblazoned on the side. It's blades spun in the air, hovering just inches above the roof, preparing to take off. It all seemed so dream like. For a brief second, Kara stopped, just to breath in the fresh air one last time, and felt Arlington's hand on the nape of her neck, pushing her forward. 

Stepping into the dark interior of the helicopter, Kara sat down on the leather seat and slid over as far as she was able, refusing to look at Lord Arlington as he came in after her. Outside the window, she could see a few dozen planes, some of them from Isleydor and others from Nardia. They wove in between one another, firing shots and filling the air with fire. The sight was, unfortunately, familiar to Kara, from the early days of the war in Callihistra.

"Are we going to get a move on already?" Kara asked the pilot, almost casually, and when he looked back at her, confused, she lifted an eyebrow condescendingly. "Before we get shot out of the sky?"

"You heard the lady," Arlington ordered, when the pilot looked toward him. "Let's go."