Lord Arlington sat back in his chair with a pleasant sigh and allowed his eyes to survey the room. He did so with relaxed, though deliberate ease, not permitting himself to overlook a single detail. Past experience had taught him that even the most mundane elements could become lifesaving. After all, the key to winning a battle was to know your environment and if, by some misfortune, you had to fight in foreign territory, the only solution was to make it your own. 

Before him, Arlington took note of the long, wooden table of the Negotiation Hall, draped in purple cloth, the color of peace. Lining either side were Nardia's and Isleydor's negotiators, with Lord Sillias just five seats to his left, idly petting her enormous lizard, and Azalia Richards standing protectively behind him. No one but Nardia's own security personnel had been allowed to enter the hall with weapons, but Arlington was prepared to improvise. Several chandeliers dangled above the attendees from wire hooks, each one weighing at least a hundred pounds. Then, there were any number of knives laid out by the breakfast buffet, not particularly sharp, but suitable enough for a quick battle. The thirteen members of Nardia's Bureaucratic Council, along with Benjamin Karrington and Tamius Sue, were all sitting across from him, opposite the windows on the far wall. He didn't think it was a coincidence that they sat nearest the only exit nor that four valets stood at attention, ready to rouse the security personnel outside, should any danger arise. In the event of a scuffle, the only means of escape would be that very door. The windows would be of no help, since the Negotiation Hall was situated a solid ten stories above the ground. 

Caught up in the moment, Arlington felt like an art critic before a famous painting, taking utmost care to analyze every brush stroke, every splash of color, every textured streak until he could close his eyes and yet, still see everyone and everything around him. There was a strange, almost hypnotic peace that came with appraising your environment. Arlington quite enjoyed the calm before the storm, standing on the shore and watching the clouds come in, turning darker and darker as night fell. 

"My Lord Arlington....Lord Arlington, are you listening?"

"Oh, pardon me," Lord Arlington coughed, caught in the middle of his contemplative revere. With an apologetic grin, he set down his cup of tea and offered Council Woman Silveine a gracious nod. "I'm still a little...uh, shall we say, under the weather from last night?" Not a word of it was true, of course. Arlington would never risk a hangover the morning of a mission, but the joke seemed to put the rest of Nardia's Bureaucratic Council at ease and they all chuckled in unison. "Now, what was it that you were saying, Council Woman?"

"In the interest of time, why don't I be blunt?" 

"By all means, Council Woman. In fact, I'd rather we not beat around the bush."

"As we all know, Isleydor has a much bigger military on reserve than does Nardia," Silveine told him, although she seemed reluctant to admit it. "Not only that, but your weapons technology is surpassed only by Scorce. No one here really believes that if we stood our ground, we would win."

"Glad to hear we understand each other, Council Woman."

"I'm not finished yet," Silveine interrupted, barely managing to contain the irritation that was slowly seeping into her demeanor, twisting her normally serene features. "Because we both know that even if we cannot protect ourselves against you, we can still cause enough damage to be an inconvenience." Pausing for effect, Silveine slid a sheet of facts and figures across the table to Lord Arlington, allowing him a moment to skim the document. "Given enough time, we could shrink your army by one-eighth and cost your taxpayers billions of dollars."

"Would you really risk the lives of your people just to spite me?" Lord Arlington asked, eyebrows raised. "Since we're being blunt and all?"

"No, I wouldn't," Silveine conceded, after a lengthy pause that seemed to suck the air right out of the room. "My only point is that we both have something to offer the other and hopefully, we can make this process manageable for everyone involved."

"What do you propose?"

"One sixteenth of our annual revenue, to be paid monthly," Silveine answered, her face turning red at the very thought of paying Isleydor any kind of tribute, but she swallowed her pride and carried on. "We'll also hold a portion of our army in reserve, to be donated to you in case of an attack."

"That's it?" Lord Arlington chuckled and Silveine's face instantly dropped, the bewilderment in her eyes positively petrifying. "This is what you have to offer me?"

"You want more, Lord Arlington?"

"More isn't the right word," Arlington replied, his tone becoming suddenly serious. "I was hoping for something different." But though Lord Arlington paused, waiting, Silveine didn't make a sound. "With all due respect, Council Woman, do you think we'd bomb your most profitable regions if we were after your resources?" 

"If you don't want tribute, then what do you want?" Silveine hissed, her voice finally turning hoarse and her eyes absolutely livid. "What else do we have to offer you people?"

"Territory," Arlington said simply, as if that were the most obvious answer in the world. 

"Territory?"

"Isleydor wants to extend its borders and absorb Nardia, nothing more and certainly nothing less. I didn't come here to bully you into paying tribute, but to negotiate your surrender. As you say, there is no possible way for Nardia to win a war against Isleydor." 

"Absolutely not!" Silveine spat. "You can't possibly think we'll go down without a fight!"

"Oh, I think that's exactly what you're going to do and with very good reason, I might add," Arlington told her and with a meaningful glance, he surveyed each member of the council in turn, watching each set of eyes carefully. "Surrender peacefully and your people can avoid a brutal war. More importantly, everyone on the council can get a promising position in the interim government rather than oh, I don't know, being executed or sold at a conquest auction?"

The words had there intended effect and in a matter of seconds, the murmuring around the room had given way to a dark, oppressive silence. Not even the gentle inhaling and exhaling of the negotiators could be heard. If it weren't for their expressions—tense and nervous—one might have though they were sleeping. Desperately, Silveine turned in her seat, pleading with her eyes for someone to break through the hypnotic quiet, but no one spoke. Her frustration as she frantically turned from one council member to the other—each averting his/her eyes—was positively delicious and slowly, Arlington could feel a smile creep across his lips. All he had to do now was sit back and watch as the council's imagination ran wild, weighing the inevitability of defeat against the shame of surrender. A similar tactic had worked rather well in Callihistra, years ago. Nardia was a more prideful country, but also a lot weaker and a lot more keen on peace. As the clock upon the wall ticked away eerily—the only sound to be had in the entire hall—Arlington could see the resolve of the council crumble. 

I might be able to avoid a tussle after all, Arlington thought, quietly sizing up each council member in turn, none of whom dared to make eye contact. How convenient... 

"You know, it wasn't so bad," Karrington suddenly mused, destroying the eerie silence of the hall and startling several council members enough to make them jump. "The rooms were a little damp and the meat was a little dry, but all in all, Isleydor's prisons aren't so bad, isn't that so, Tamius?" 

It was said casually, conversationally even, but almost instantly, Arlington could feel the atmosphere lighten, ruining the oppressive aura he'd so painstakingly created. All around him, he could hear the negotiators emerging from their hypnotic terror, as if Karrington's little commentary had given them permission to breath again. Then a relieved sigh escaped someone's lips, followed by a nervous little chuckled. Turning furiously toward Karrington, Arlington could feel his lips tighten and his eyes narrow. The comment seemed innocuous enough, yet beneath Karrington's pleasant demeanor, Arlington could detect a vengeful little smirk.

"You know, Karrington, I would have to disagree with you. Those prisons were terrible," Tamius continued, glancing idly toward Isleydor's side of the table and starring down each diplomat in turn—Lord Sillias, Azalia, Senator Remis, and others—until she finally made eye contact with Lord Arlington, a thin smile on her lips. "The locks on their cages weren't at all satisfactory." 

This time, a small chuckle emerged from the attendees, followed by a second, and then a third. Soon, there was out right laughter echoing throughout the hall, destroying—once and for all—the influence Arlington had once garnered over the council. And, all the while, Karrington was smirking at him, flaunting his victory. But Lord Arlington had a back up plan. He always had a back up plan and, in the end, it would be Karrington who would suffer the consequences of his subversion. With a sigh, Lord Arlington relaxed back into his chair, prepared to wait as patiently as ever until the laughter died down and only a low murmur remained. 

"Well?" Silveine finally asked, a victorious chuckle still on he lips. "Seeing as how my people aren't exactly lining up to surrender, any other considerations you want to discuss?"

"Not really," Arlington replied and when Silveine sunk back into her chair, dumbfounded, he rose from his seat, looking a little irritated, but largely unfazed. "If you aren't willing to surrender, then my only option is war. So, if you don't mind, I'll be taking my leave."

"Just like that?"

"Just like that, Council Woman."

"I wouldn't do that if I were you."

"And why is that?"

Looking very solemn, Silveine nodded toward the valets by the entryway and in unison, they opened the double, wooden doors behind them. On cue, eight armed guards entered into the room, arranging themselves in a semi-circle around Lord Arlington, their guns poised threateningly in his direction and their eyes hidden by dark visors. Complacently, Arlington raised his hands in the air, but refused to show any more emotion, for fear of giving his men away.

"It's not Nardia's policy to take hostages," Silveine explained, confidently rising from her seat and marching toward Lord Arlington. "But I can't let you leave here if you plan on initiating war." 

And Arlington couldn't help himself. Against his better judgment, he smiled.

"You know, I was hoping you'd say that," Arlington chuckled and in that moment, he thought he saw just a flicker of fear cross Silveine's features. "Now, I get to paint this as self defense." 

With his hands still raised above his head, Arlington snapped his fingers and in unison, four of the eight armed guards turned their weapons upon their partners and fired. Blood exploded into the air and splattered the ceiling, looking fabulously artistic against the sky blue wall paper. Then came the screaming of the council members as they dived under the discussion table, pulling chairs toward themselves for protection and calling out for backup. But Arlington knew that the initial wave of surprise and terror would soon end. Out of the panic, the more able of those present would emerge, armed and ready to confront him. Already, he could see Tamius out of the corner of his eye, leaping over the table toward him. It all happened as if slow motion, the chaos resembling white noise. All around him, fights were breaking out between opposing sides—his undercover agents firing out into the hallway, to prevent another rush of security personnel, and then Azalia in her red sequin dress and devilishly high heels, dancing into the fray, armed only with a butter knife. But being used to the roar of battle, Arlington was able to block out everything except for Tamius and the pen she clutched in her hand. 

"Not a bad choice of weapon," Arlington grinned, just as Tamius lunged toward him. With amazing speed and precision, she swung her pen through the air, carefully aiming for his jugular with each step. It was unfortunate that while Tamius was fast, Lord Arlington was faster. "Come on, Tamius, we've fought before and I know you can do better than this."

Ignoring him, Tamius dropped to the ground and attempted to kick Arlington's feet out from under him, but he merely stepped to the side, dancing just out of reach. He would have easily been able to kick her while she was down, too, but Tamius rolled out of reach, flipped back onto her feet, and charged him, aiming blow after blow at his face. Arlington was able to block the punches, but she was incredibly quick. He expected as much from a woman who'd been raised in a circus by a family of acrobats, before joining Callihistra's military. But caught up in the heat of battle, Arlington momentarily tripped over the carpet and could suddenly feel Tamius fist make contact with his jaw, sending pain ricocheting through his skull. Stunned, he wiped his face with the back of his hand and saw blood there, bright red and still warm.

"Much, much better," Lord Arlington praised and with a well aimed kick, he knocked Tamius onto the floor. She tried to scramble to her feet, but before she could escape, he picked her up by the hair and slammed her chest into the long, wooden table of the Negotiation Hall. Tamius gasped for air, the wind knocked clean out of her, and tried to struggle, but was too disoriented to fight back. Pressing his knee into the small of her back, Arlington used the opportunity to bind her wrists. "Yes, you've improved quite a bit, but not enough, sweetheart."

Just then, the hall door burst open and a dozen more guards entered the room, pushing past his four moles, but Arlington had expected as much. With a curt nod, he turned toward Lord Sillias, who was still seated and idly petting her lizard, as if there weren't gunfire and fist fights breaking out all around them. But at Lord Arlington's command, she picked up the poor creature, slammed it onto the table, and broke its neck. Using a piece of cutlery from her breakfast, she carefully cut it open and inside, found what she was looking for...a gas canister, primed and ready to go. Without the least show of emotion, she stood to her feet and threw it into the open doorway, where it released a steady stream of white mist, causing most of the guards to collapse onto each other. The few that remained could be taken care of by Azalia. Already drenched in blood, her copper locks flying wildly, she danced into the mass of armed men, ripping a knife from the first man's holster and sinking it into his partner's chest, before forcing a third into a choke hold and breaking his neck. Then, Arlington spotted his own men clamoring in through the open door...the orchestra, all carrying their instrument cases and looking rather pleased, if not a little bloody. They'd probably run into trouble on their way to the Negotiation Hall.

"No one is to leave this room," Arlington ordered, striding toward the conductor of his little orchestra, a young, fit man with beady black eyes and a bruised lip. "I want a man at the door at all times, no exceptions."

"Corpses or captives, my lord?"

"I want everyone here drugged, bound, and ready for transport in twenty minutes, with the exception of a few council members. Leave a few of them behind, but make sure we get Silveine."

"Anything else, my lord?"

It was by luck that Arlington looked up and right at that moment, happened to catch a glimpse of Karrington, reflected in a silver milk pitcher. The general was holding a wooden chair above his head, prepared to bring it down on his enemy's skull and knock him out, if not kill him. Luckily, Arlington remembered that just a little to the left stood a floor lamp—one of the benefits of appraising your environment. He grabbed onto it and blocked Karrington's attack, mere seconds before it was too late.

"You know, I was wondering when you were going to make a move," Lord Arlington snarled, struggling to dislodge the chair from Karrington's grasp. "Tamius could have used your help a few minutes a go." 

"You pretentious, loathsome coward!" Karrington screamed, his eyes livid and his face beet red with rage. "You evil, sadistic bastard!" 

Quickly, Karrington jumped to one side, but Arlington wasn't wasting any time. With deathly precision, he lifted the lamp post into the air and aimed blow after blow at Karrington's head, but the general blocked each successive attack, using the chair in his hands as a shield. 

"Only a coward turns a peace negotiation into a bloodbath!" 

"If you remember correctly, I was trying to leave when your people attempted to take me and my men hostage."

"Oh, come off it, Arlington. You planned this all along," Karrington panted, finally managing to dance out of reach and circling Arlington carefully, waiting for an opening. "I knew it...for all your diplomatic charms, I knew you would try something."

"And yet, you're so poorly prepared," Arlington smirked, rushing toward the general and bringing the lamp post down, only for Karrington to move at the last second and leave the weapon lodged in drywall. 

"Unlike you, Lord Arlington, I have enough respect for these diplomatic negotiations to play by the rules. Unlike you, I have a sense of decency."

"Oh, now you've hurt my feelings," Arlington grinned, bringing his hand to his chest in feigned pain. "Here's an idea...why don't you stop with the verbal abuse and actually hit me, for god's sake?"

With that, Arlington lunged for the general, bringing the lamp post down all around him. Karrington wasn't the quickest of the two, but somehow he managed to dodge each blow, leaving a path of destruction in his wake. The lamp post dented walls and shattered windows until, with one final swing, Arlington was finally able to dislodge the chair from Karrington's grasp, leaving him naked and defenseless. 

"Well, that was embarrassingly easy," Arlington chuckled, twirling the lamp post like a baton, the triumph in his eyes all too apparent. "Such a shame that Kara isn't here to save you this time." 

Karrington didn't have a response to that. Frantically, he surveyed the room, looking for another make-shift weapon, but couldn't find one. In a last ditch effort, he snatched a paperweight from the discussion table and raised it above his head like a rock, getting ready to strike. 

"Oh, now that's just pathetic," Arlington commented, a slight smile creeping into his lips. "Adorable, even. I love it."

Without warning, Karrington hurled the paper weight at Arlington's head. His lordship blocked it easily with the floor lamp still clutched in his hands, but Karrington hadn't been aiming to kill, he'd been aiming to distract. Lunging for Arlington, Karrington tackled him to the ground, straddled his waist, and grabbed the floor lamp between them. With fury in his eyes, he situated the long, pole-like segment against Lord Arlington's throat and pushed down, trying to choke him. 

"I'm not much for sadism," Karrington hissed, grunting with effort as he tried to press the lamp into Arlington's throat. "But I think I might like watching your face turn purple and the life leave your eyes."

Cursing, Arlington tried to pry the weapon away from his throat, hissing furiously as it pressed into his windpipe and air began to leave his lungs. With a grunt of effort, he tried to roll onto his side and escape the hold, but Karrington was determined to keep him still, using the weight of his body to press the lamp post ever further into Arlington's flesh.
"What's the matter, my lord?" Karrington panted, still pressing downward with all his might, mustering as much strength as he was able. "Where's that cocky, self-confident attitude now? Don't you have anything sarcastic and witty to say to me before you die?"

Struggling still, Arlington only managed an evil look and a grunt of effort, which seemed to strengthen Karrington's resolve. He could feel agonizing pain shoot through him, then panic, as inch by inch, the pole pressed still farther into his neck. It was then that he spotted Azalia approaching and offered Karrington a triumphant little smile. The general only had time to look up questioningly before Azalia had pulled him off of Arlington and slammed him into the wall, knocking the wind clean out of him. Dazed and nauseous, he collapsed onto the ground, breathing hard and clutching his aching chest. 

"You sure I can't kill him?" Azalia pouted, kicking Karrington with the steel toe of her high heeled shoe and watching him hiss in pain, still curled up into a protective ball. "He's wriggling everywhere, like an annoying little worm. Please, my lord...I'll make it hurt, I promise."

"Absolutely not," Arlington gasped, rising from the floor and clutching his sore throat, which had chaffed a little under Karrington's ministrations. "The boy is mine. Just bind him and—"

"You won't get away with this!" Tamius cried from across the room, where she and the other captives had been gathered, bound at the wrists and ankles. Most of them looked positively terrified, but Tamius glared up at her captives from behind gorgeous, long blond hair, sheer murder in her eyes. "The entire hotel is booby trapped...we have a tech guided security system, everything from sleeping gas in the ventilation system to automatic locks."

"Do tell?"

"The entire place is under camera surveillance, so your movements will be tracked constantly and even if you did manage to make it to the lobby alive, the Nardian military will be outside waiting for you!"

"Oh, well, I hadn't thought of that," Lord Arlington mused, his voice thick with sarcasm and his eyes gleaming. "It probably would have been better to come here with a plan, wouldn't it?" Tamius didn't say a word, but gradually, her eyes softened and her sneer turned into a concerned frown. "I've hired a hacker to hijack the security system," Arlington explained and at those words, he could see the panic in Tamius' eyes. "Those gas canisters, those automatic locks, those surveillance cameras...they're all mine now and anyone who enters this hotel—I don't care if it's the entire Nardian military—is at my mercy."

"You're...you're lying...we took all necessary precautions..."

"Don't feel bad sweetheart, you tried your best and that's all that matters," Arlington teased and with a flourish, he turned on his heel and waved toward one of the security cameras. "Yoo-hoo, could I have your attention?" The horror in Tamius' eye only intensified as every camera in the room turned toward Arlington, their lens focusing in on his face. "Do me a favor and have all the windows on this floor locked—undoubtedly, there'll be snipers setting up on the adjacent buildings and I don't want anyone to have a clear shot. Then release the gas on the ninth, eleventh, and thirteenth floors."

"Fuck you!" Tamius screamed as the steel shutters on the windows suddenly slammed shut in unison, a foreboding click locking them all in place. "Fuck you!"

"Now, now...there's no need to get riled up, sweetheart," Arlington cooed and he knelt beside Tamius so that they were eye level, then gripped her hair in his hand so that she was forced to look up at him. "The rooms will be a little damp and the meat a little dry, but overall, Isleydor's prisons aren't so bad."

"Leave her alone, Arlington," Karrington hissed from across the room, still wincing from the pain in his side, but determined never-the-less. "There's no reason to tease her." 

Ever so slowly, Arlington turned toward Karrington, an angry glint in his eye and an eerie frown on his face. Releasing Tamius, he stood to his feet and stepped casually toward the general, his footsteps silent against the carpeted hall. When he finally reached Karrington—bound and lying at his feet—Lord Arlington raised an eyebrow questioningly.

"What is it with you and this hero complex, hmm?" Arlington asked, his voice solemn and mocking all at once. "This strange addiction to damsel's in distress?"

"You don't have to do this," Karrington replied, his voice low and oddly enough, far more concerned than angry. "Kara has done nothing to deserve this relentless obsession of yours...if you have any heart at all, you'll let her go."

"Is that your idea of begging, because if so, you aren't doing a very good job."

"I understand you have to take us prisoner. I won't try and convince you to let me or Tamius go. But Kara's a mere medic, caught up in this mess purely by accident. You might be cruel, but you're certainly not stupid. You know this isn't fair."

"You think that's going to break me?" Arlington asked, partially amused and partially shocked. "Your appeal to fairness? Karrington, there is no such thing as fair. I thought you knew that. Appealing to fairness for salvation is like appealing to leprechauns or unicorns." Turning toward his men with a twisted smile, Arlington gestured across the room. "Do you see any unicorns in here?" There was an uproar as Arlington's men laughed in unison and Karrington frowned. "That's what I thought."

"Arlington, don't play games with me. I know you get a kick out of playing the psychopath, but you know exactly what I'm talking about."

"You know, just last night, I couldn't get my mind off of you," Arlington sighed, shaking his head in a humorous, but exasperated way. "I had so many sick, twisted ideas for when I finally got my hands on you and now that I have you, I'm already bored." 

Finally turning away from Karrington, Lord Arlington headed back toward the discussion table, now cracked in several places and lightly splattered with blood. Atop it's shiny, varnished surface were a series of instrument cases, no longer filled with trumpets, violins, and clarinets, but with weapons. Opening up a massive cello case, Arlington carefully removed a long, silver scythe with two evenly spaced hand grips and tossed it to Azalia. She caught it mid-air and twirled it, testing the weight, making a sound so quiet and yet, so sinister. Then, he removed a bullet proof shirt, still thick, but far less cumbersome than a vest, which would fit tightly enough to allow for maneuverability. Carefully, he began to remove his cloak and unbutton his dress shirt. 

"You're not enough for Kara," Karrington suddenly growled and that made Arlington pause. Slowly, he turned back toward the general, allowing the dress shirt to fall from his shoulders and reveal the smooth, lean muscle underneath. "You might be intelligent and strong and wealthy, but you're still only half a man."

"Is that so?"

"I didn't have to tell Kara to scream my name."

Arlington was stunned. He hadn't expected the general to be so bold and to his great surprise, the words stung, ensnaring his heart like tendrils of ice, paralyzing his chest and making him feel an intense, disturbing pain. It was a sensation he had only felt once before, when he'd begged Arilyn to save him, and she'd replied, "I can't." But the unpleasantness soon passed and then came the anger, an emotion Arlington was much more familiar with, an emotion he was able to understand. Here was Karrington, the man who had stolen away his girl and now, even bound and captive, dared to speak out of turn. It was time the general learned that there were consequences to taunting the most powerful man in Isleydor and looking up at the clock on the wall, Arlington realized that he had the time to provide such a lesson.

"Hold him," Lord Arlington snarled, his eyes darker now, no longer calm and collected. "Suddenly, I have the urge to play with my new toy and since we're running ahead of schedule..." 

Picking Karrington up by his massive arms, two men lifted him off the ground and held him steady while Arlington approached, a twisted expression on his face. Grabbing the general by the hair, Arlington forced him to look up, his icy blue eyes as sinister as ever. Then, drawing back his fist, Arlington punched him hard, just below the rib cage, watching as the general cursed in pain. Before he even had his breath back, Arlington was landing another blow, and then another, until Karrington was coughing up blood, but his eyes never left Lord Arlington's, which were filled with a perverse sort of satisfaction.

"You know, this isn't going to be easy for you," Karrington growled, blood dripping down his chin and his eyes furious. "I don't know what you're plotting, but one thing is certain, you haven't won yet." 

"You see, that's the problem with playing the white knight," Lord Arlington told him, before releasing his hair and turning back toward the table. In the process, he exposed his back to Karrington, revealing the fire breathing lizard tattooed there, smoking and snarling in all its glory. "If you keep on chasing damels in distress, sooner or later, you're going to have to face the dragon."

***<>***

As the alarm clock rang obnoxiously in her ears, Kara groaned and hit the snooze button, allowing herself a few minutes to adjust to the light seeping in through the curtains. The space beside her was empty and cold, a sore reminder of last night, which had started off so promising and yet, ended so horribly. It wasn't that Ben hadn't tried to court his way into her sheets, but Kara had been in a foul mood. A small part of her—okay, maybe a really big part of her—had hoped that, eventually, Ben would stop trying to just be her protector and would opt to be her partner instead. But in spite of her objections, he'd left her tied up and helpless again, ignoring her input, as if she were some kind of indignant child. It had taken a while to sink in after the adrenaline of the night's events, but soon the hurt had become overwhelming, leaving her cold. It was a good thing that Ben had invited her to lunch. The two of them had a lot to talk about and the more she dwelt on the issue, the more certain Kara became that it couldn't wait.

"Morning, Alyssa," Kara yawned, grabbing the earpiece beside her bed and calling in to the weapons specialist. It wasn't the most comfortable device in the world, Kara thought, but at least it fit snugly. "Any word on Greenwood?"

"No word yet, I'm afraid," Alyssa's voice answered back, a little less agitated than usual, but straight to the point, as always. "We sent a crew out to fetch him, but haven't heard anything since."

"You know, if we really need that information, then I could do another—"

"No can do," Alyssa interrupted and Kara sighed irritably, but the weapons specialist ignored her. "We've gone through this before, Kara. Undergoing memory enhancement is a lot like getting an x-ray. It's a harmless procedure if done infrequently, but toxic in large doses. It's not safe to put you through another one of those so soon."

"But, Alyssa—"

"Not my call," Alyssa growled in reply and then, in the background, Kara could here her shouting angrily at one of her subordinates. "Look, I have to go, but seriously, let it go."

Mumbling to herself, Kara emerged from her bed and tiptoed to the bathroom for a warm shower. Afterward, she found a new dress—this one blue, like a deep river, and decorated with tiny yellow stars—hanging on the doorknob. It fit just perfectly and after a quick application of make-up, Kara was ready to meet up with Ben. The first round of negotiations would be finished by now and after a quick lunch, they would be joining the council, in order to finalize the Terms of Peace. 

Kara headed for the door, but this time, she wouldn't be leaving without a weapon. Alyssa was right. She needed to prepare herself for the worst. Carefully, Kara hid her pistol in its holster and situated it under her dress. It looked a little conspicuous and the security personnel wouldn't let her anywhere near the Negotiation Hall before handing it over, but it was better than nothing. Stepping out into the hall, Kara started humming a little tune, then saw something move out of the corner of her eye and jumped. Two well armed men were standing right outside her door, but she relaxed as soon as she recognized Nardia's symbol—the hawk—upon their sleeves.

"Here to escort me, gentlemen?" Kara asked, although she was pretty she knew the answer. "Might I ask who requested an entourage of guards on my behalf?"

"General Benjamin Karrington."

"Of course," Kara sighed, rolling her eyes and then locking the door behind her. "And I suppose I don't have the authority to dismiss my babysitters?"

"No, ma'am, I'm afraid not."

"Well then, we better get a move on," Kara told them and turning on her heel, she motioned for the men to follow her. There was no point in arguing with them, but she'd be sure to bring it up with Ben that very afternoon. In fact, Kara thought, first things first, we're going to set boundaries on these weird, oppressive safety measures. Trudging down the long, carpeted hallway of the twenty-fourth floor, Kara carefully turned the corner, more determined than ever to reach Ben, only to find her way blocked. Before her were two maintenance men in gray uniforms, working earnestly on the elevators, which had been marked off with yellow tape. 

"What's this?" Kara groaned, gesturing irritably at the elevators. "Why are they taped up?"

"Elevator's broken, ma'am." 

"Are there any other elevators on this level?"

"No, ma'am, this here's the only set."

"But we're on the twenty-fourth floor, how am I supposed to get downstairs in the next hour?" 

Kara looked expectantly at the maintenance men, but they only looked stupidly back at her, like two deer trapped in the headlights. A part of her did feel guilty for snapping at them, when neither one was responsible for her foul mood, but Kara couldn't seem to shake the frustration clouding her mind. When she got no answer from them, it became clear that the only option was to take the stairs down, all fourteen flights, until she finally reached the Negotiation Hall.

"Fine, I'll take the stairs," Kara sighed, taking off her heels and lifting her skirt, so as to make the journey easier. "I suppose a little exercise never hurt anyone."

"Stairs are broken, too."

"Excuse me?" Kara asked, turning with a perplexed expression toward the most talkative of the two, who had situated himself firmly between Kara and the stairwell. Suddenly, he looked a little too muscular for a simple maintenance man and Kara took a step back, sensing that something was off. "Is...is that supposed to be funny or something?"

"Not at all, ma'am."

Without any preamble, the maintenance man before her removed a pistol from the waistband of his pants and fired a series of gunshots in her direction. Reacting instinctively, Kara dropped onto the floor and out of the line of fire, searching her body for entry wounds, but it was her guards who had been targeted. The one to her left managed to fire a few shots before being hit in the chest and collapsing onto the ground, but the second guard was hit instantly and fell to the floor, seizures wracking his body until he finally died and lay still. Frantic, Kara pressed herself up against the far wall and drew her pistol, the only sound her own heart beat. For several seconds she could only sit there, breathing heavily, her eyes never leaving the maintenance man before her and the gun clenched in his hands. Painted onto it was a beautiful, ebony dragon, its scales glistening and its eyes dark.

"Sorry for the inconvenience ma'am. Guess we'll just have to sit here and wait for the manager."

"The manager?" Kara whispered, confused, but then her eyes narrowed and she could feel her chest seize up in full blown anger. "Ah yes, the manager..."

"Put the gun down, ma'am, nice and easy now or there'll be trouble and I don't think you want that."

Kara considered her captor for a moment, but there was no way in hell she was handing over her only weapon, just so she could just sit there and wait for Lord Arlington to come get her. If one of his men wanted to disarm her, he'd have to pry the weapon from her cold, dead fingers. That gave her an idea, although a risky one. It was a long shot, but maybe—just maybe—she could use Arlington's obsession to her advantage. Carefully, she turned toward the second maintenance man—the less talkative of the two—and took aim, right before the intercom came on and interrupted her. 

All units on the ninth, eleventh, and twelfth floors, apply your gas masks now! Alyssa cried, her voice sounding far more bold and dangerous when it was being projected over the loudspeakers and echoing through the hall. I repeat, all units on the ninth, eleventh, and twelfth floors, apply your gas masks! The security system has been compromised...immediately locate the nearest blind spot and await further instructions.

The noise was so loud and abrupt that for a brief moment, both maintenance men looked up in confusion, giving Kara the only chance she had. Aiming for her original target, she pulled the trigger and fired, shooting him straight through the chest. Afterward, she quickly turned and aimed for his partner, prepared to do away with them both, but by now, he had regrouped, his own weapon aimed squarely between her eyes and his lips tight.

"Now, dearie, come on...lower the weapon."

"What the fucking hell is going on? What's Lord Arlington planning to do?"

"I said, lower your weapon, sweetheart."

"No, I don't think I will," Kara grinned and the man's face skewed, confused. That made Kara all the more bold and to the surprise of them both, she took a step forward. "In fact, I think it's you who should probably drop your weapon. I think you're bluffing. I don't think there's anyway in hell you'd risk shooting me."

"And why not?"

"The manager wouldn't approve, would he?" Kara smirked, raising her gun a little higher up, so as to take better aim. If the maintenance man was really prepared to shoot her, he'd have done so right then and there, but he didn't. Kara was able to take perfect aim right at his chest and still, he only stared, his face twisted in agitation. "That's what I thought...see, I'm guessing you're far more afraid of the manager than you are of me and we both know what happens if he finds me with so much as a bruise." The man didn't seem at all pleased with Kara's observations, but he didn't argue with them either. Slowly, he looked about him, as if searching for some way out, then reluctantly lowered is own weapon to the ground. "Good, now hands behind your back, where I can see them." But Kara didn't intend on binding him—she had nothing to use, anyway—and merely knocked him out with her pistol. 

It was only then, in relative safety, that the adrenaline in Kara's veins was able to die down and the exact nature of her situation became clear. Lord Arlington, always one step ahead, had somehow managed to compromise the security system which meant that downstairs, in the Negotiation Hall, a blood bath must be brewing. There was a very good chance that Ben was no longer alive. Kara could feel her heart sink at the very thought. What about Uncle Florence? she wondered, becoming nauseous. What about Tamius? Then there was the inevitable realization that, very soon, Lord Arlington would be on his way up to claim her, but she couldn't let that happen. Kara had come too far just to be dragged back to the dungeon, to be molded in his lordship's perfect little sex pet. She could feel panic return at the very thought, images of whips and chains swimming through her mind, making her chest grow tight.
I have to get off of this floor, Kara thought, forcing herself to remain calm and turning back toward the stairwell. I have to get out of here before Arlington and his men show up.

Standing to her feet, Kara holstered her gun and raced for the stairwell, leaving her heels behind. The door to the stairwell was slightly ajar, but just as she reached for it, it slammed shut and she could here an ominous 'click' as it locked itself. Furiously, Kara tugged on the doorknob, but it was tightly secured and impossible to open. It was then that she could hear an odd little swiveling noise, soft at first, then louder, like a swarm of insects. Looking hesitantly upward, Kara swallowed hard as she watched each and every security camera in the hall turn ominously toward her, their lenses narrowing in on her face.

"It can't be..." Kara breathed, unable to fathom, until now, just what Alyssa had meant when she'd said the security system had been 'compromised.' "Oh, god..."

Kara could hear it now, her uncle's voice, when she'd first been introduced to the security system.  The entire hotel is essentially booby-trapped, Florence had told her. In preparation for these negotiations, Nardia's security personnel have put remote controlled locking mechanisms on all of the doors and windows. There are also gas canisters throughout the ventilation system, explosive and projectile units down certain hallways, and cameras... Then there was Alyssa, clarifying, saying, kind of like a fun house, except with deadly weaponry. But if so, then this was Lord Arlington's fun house now.

Suddenly, there was a loud bang and Kara turned worriedly toward the noise. In turn, the steel shutters on each of windows lining the hall were slamming shut and being locked into place. It took Kara a moment to realize what was happening, but when she did, the terror she felt could only be matched by her time in the coffin. Slowly, like a wave, the windows were being blocked off, sealing her inside, making the twenty-fourth floor a prison where she'd be forced to await the return of Lord Arlington.

"They're trying to trap me in," Kara whispered, paralyzed momentarily by the horror of it all. "Oh god, they're trying to trap me in..."

Kara wasn't sure what snapped her out of it, but suddenly she was searching the hall for a bust, a floor lamp, a decorative plant, anything. With only seconds to spare, she found a steel toolbox left by one of the maintenance men and turned toward the windows, only to find that a mere four remained open. Breathing heavily, Kara raced for the windows and shoved the tool box into an open one, just as the last set of shutters were slamming closed. But with the tool box in the way, they couldn't come together and Kara stood firm, holding the toolbox steadily in place as the shutters desperately tried to close. They dented the toolbox in several places, until it looked like it'd been chewed by a rabid dog, but eventually, the shutters stilled and all was dark, save for the light coming in through the only open window, Kara's only hope...her only way out. 

Suddenly, Kara could hear that annoying little swiveling again and looking up, saw the security cameras redirect themselves toward her. For a few moments, she just stood there, angrily staring them down, before deciding she'd had enough. Determined, Kara matched up to the nearest one, flipped it off, and gave it her most condescending smile.

"Is that the best you can do?" Kara asked it. "Because I'm not even getting started."

***<>***

Alyssa pressed herself into a corner, cursing furiously under her breath, a rifle poised under her arm. Breathing heavily, she allowed her heart to slow and then her muscles to relax, until calm returned. Carefully—trying to remain as inconspicuous as possible—Alyssa peeked out beyond her isolated corner, only to see that the cameras were still there, all angled in her direction. As soon as they spotted her, a panel in one of the walls opened up and an automated machine gun emerged, aiming with deadly precision.

"Fuck!" Alyssa hissed, ducking quickly back into her corner as bullets embedded themselves in the wall shielding her, shaking the entire floor and filling the air with smoke. "God fucking dammit!"

Alyssa had already lost five of her men to those god forsaken traps. If that wasn't enough, dozens more casualties had been reported back to her from other units throughout the hotel. But most frustrating of all was the helplessness Alyssa felt, forcefully backed into a corner, like a mouse in a maze. It'd been a pain in the ass to reach this particular blind spot—clear of any cameras or remote controlled weaponry—but now that she'd reached it, Alyssa felt suffocated. To move beyond the blind spot was certain death, but sitting still wasn't an option either. Sooner or later, Arlington's men would make it up to the thirteenth floor and pick them all off, one by one, as they sat cowering here with nowhere to go.

Like hell I'm going to wait her to be slaughtered, Alyssa thought, glaring furiously around the corner, once the gunfire had ceased. Like hell I'm going to let my men die for nothing.

"Unit Fourteen, come in," Alyssa called, clicking her earpiece on and praying that someone, anyone at all, answered through the static. "Unit Fourteen, report your status, over."

"Unit Fourteen, here. Reporting two deaths and three casualties, over."

"Fuck!" Alyssa cursed, punching the wall in front of her with enough force to leave a dent. Not a single one of her men dared say a word, but stood there in silence, waiting for further orders. "Mother fucking son of a—" Sighing, Alyssa turned toward her second in command, a muscular man with dark eyes and boyish brown hair, who sat hunched over on the floor. "Eugene, how many deaths total?"

"We're at twelve deaths and twenty-six casualties, Commander," Eugene swallowed and Alyssa winced. She was still getting used to the whole 'commander' thing, a title she'd tried to ditch years ago. Luckily, Eugene didn't notice, but consulted his tablet once more before turning back toward Alyssa, looking worried. "And we still haven't gotten a response from roughly four of our Security Units."

"Which ones?"

"Units Eleven, Five, Three, and Fifteen."

"Calling Units Eleven, Five, Three, and Fifteen. Please respond," Alyssa tried, clicking her earpiece on and attempting to sound brave. "Units Eleven, Five, Three, and Fifteen, please call in."

For a solid three minutes, Alyssa stayed on the line, listening intently to the static and waiting. Her men all leaned toward her, their own ears poised earnestly in her direction, hoping to pick up on the tiniest sliver of sound. But after the long, agonizing silence, Alyssa had no choice but to assume the worst and clicked off the earpiece, her heart finally sinking down into her chest and a miserable groan escaping her lips.

"Bump the death toll to fifty-two," Alyssa ordered, trying to sound firm, even as Eugene stared at her in disbelief. "As far as we're concerned, those four units have been wiped out."

"But, Commander," Eugene whispered, his voice barely audible. "They might not all be dead."

"We can't coordinate an offense with a non-responsive unit," Alyssa replied, speaking a little louder this time, a little more confident, determined to provide her men with an unwavering, grounded leader. "As far as we're concerned, Eugene, they're dead."

"But—"

"Am I clear?" Alyssa shouted. "Tell me, Eugene, are you fucking deaf?"

"No, Commander, of course not," Eugene swallowed. "It's just that—"

Just then, Alyssa could hear a sudden surge of static in her ear and a voice, panicked and filled with pain. Holding her finger up for silence, she turned the volume on her earpiece up as loud as it would go, the white noise screeching in her ears. At first, she couldn't make out any coherent sounds, just blubbering, gunfire, and then an explosion. But finally, out from it all, came the voice again, almost pleading to be heard.

"Unit Five here, we've been ambushed at a blind spot...I don't know how many are left....I don't...." Alyssa winced as another explosion erupted in the background and her informant cursed, screaming at something or someone in the background, his voice terrified. "Oh god, Commander, there are dragons...dragons everywhere..." Abruptly, the voice was cut off, but Alyssa didn't dare hang up, even when everything became quiet and only the heavy breathing of her men remained. 

"What's going on?"

"Quiet, Eugene, for fuck's sake, shut up."

"Four down." Alyssa started as her earpiece came back to life, but this time, it wasn't one of her own men who spoke. This voice—calm, sinister, methodical—was different. Alyssa could feel the hairs on the back of her neck stand up as it continued, whispering threateningly in her ear. "Just eleven to go, Commander."

"Shit," Alyssa cursed, ripping the earpiece out, desperate to distance herself from the loathsome, cruel voice crawling through her mind. She had been worried from the start—since she'd first heard word of the scuffle in the Negotiation Hall—that Arlington might try and rally his old buddies from Isleydor's assassination guilds, but hadn't thought it likely. Now, Alyssa held no doubts. "It looks like we're dealing with professionals, ladies and gentlemen."

"Professionals?"

"Dragons."

"Impossible," Eugene whispered, as if the mere mention of them would summon them in swarms. "Dragons don't operate in groups, Commander. They're loners, preferring to kill one-on-one."

"Well, it looks like Lord Fuckface was able to pull in a few favors," Alyssa said simply, staring up at the ceiling, as if the answer to her predicament might be written there. But like it or not, there was only one real option for her and her men, though it would undoubtedly get them all killed. "These aren't ordinary soldiers," Alyssa told them, her voice solemn. "Dragons are trained to study their targets before making a move, to pinpoint weaknesses before going in for the kill. To these people, murder is like a fine art and you're the canvas."

"We need to stick together, no exceptions," Eugene interrupted, scrolling earnestly through his tablet, his hands shaking. "The whole point of hijacking the security system was to force us into these blind spots, where we'd be easy to separate and pick off one-by-one, all at our enemy's leisure."

"We're fucked," Alyssa continued, her eyes giving way to the fierce, uncompromising brutality beneath. "If anyone had plans to go back home, or take a nice vacation with the kids this summer, or go back to school, scratch them."

"Alyssa, don't say such things, we're—"

"We're fucked," Alyssa interrupted, glaring angrily at Eugene, putting him in his place with the mere force of her boldness. "I need you all to understand that, so that you don't second guess yourselves when I send you into battle, wondering if perhaps there's another way, because there isn't." Pausing for effect, Alyssa stared down each of her men in turn, waiting for them to avert their eyes, but no one dared. "We'll either die sitting here, waiting to be massacred, or we can die trying to make something of this mess. I'm not interested in dying lying down. Anyone else?" But there was only silence, not a single one of Alyssa's men wavering from their posts. "Good, because if we have any hope of stopping Lord Dipshit and getting Council Woman Silveine back, we're going to need to find his hacker and reclaim our security system."

"How?"

"I'm getting to that, but first we—" Just then, Alyssa's earpiece switched back on, but this time, it was Kara who had contacted her, sounding positively furious. Alyssa had hoped that she was still okay, but the prospects hadn't been good. "Good to hear you're alive, medic, I—"

"Alyssa, I need your help...I've been trapped on the twenty-fourth floor and I don't know what to do. All the doors—literally all of them—have been locked and most of the windows, too. Lord Arlington...he just doesn't quit...Alyssa, we have to get out of this hotel, it's a death trap."

"Tell me about it," Alyssa chuckled, her tone dark. "I'm cowering behind a wall, with a remote-controlled machine gun not three feet away, prepared to gun me down if I leave the only blind spot on this floor."

"Oh, god....oh, fuck."

"Oh, fuck, indeed."

"Alyssa, do you have any ideas on how I might get off this floor?" Kara asked and the worry in her voice elicited a pang of shame, for what Alyssa was about to do...no, for what she had to do. "I tried getting into the ventilation system, but I don't fit."

"Look, kid, there's nothing I can do for you," Alyssa sighed and on the other line, Kara held her breath, too shocked to speak. It was then that Alyssa could feel a familiar guilt enveloping her, like an old, annoying friend, reminding her of mistakes past. It was awkward enough being referred to as a 'commander,' when she'd spent the last several years trying to distance herself from any kind of leadership. Now, she was having to tell her men, again, that they were most likely going to die and abandoning, once again, a friend for the greater good. The memories tasted bitter, but Alyssa had become skilled in the fine art of apathy and pushed the guilt down. "I'm sorry, Kara," Alyssa told her, kind, but unapologetic. "We don't have much time left and if we hope to win back some of our people, we need to devote that time to tracing Arlington's hacker. You're not my top priority, now. That's just where we stand."

"I...I understand."

"Good luck...and kid?"

"Yeah?"

"Make him work for it."

***<>***

Ben marched alongside Tamius, his hands tied in front of him and his body still aching. Behind them were two dragons—Finneas and May—who had been charged with escorting Lord Arlington's prisoners to the roof. There, a helicopter would be awaiting them, prepared to transport the pair to Bremmington. But Ben wasn't planning on making it that far, not without a fight. Once they were in Isleydor's air space, there would be no hope of escape. It was now or never, Ben realized, and he glanced carefully around him, looking for an opportunity to make a move.

"Keep going," Finneas growled, pressing the nozzle of his gun into Ben's back. "We have an appointment to keep, Karrington."

Ben groaned irritably under his breath, but took Tamius' lead and said nothing. They'd learned early on that Finneas and May weren't as keen on clever banter as was their lord and any noise was rewarded with a beating. Ben wasn't one to be bullied into submission, but if he hoped to escape his captors, it'd be easier to do so without a broken rib or a dislocated shoulder. Looking toward Tamius, he could see the sympathy in her eyes, then noticed that she, too, was scanning their environment for a way out. They didn't have much time left. Already, they had reached the elevator, which dinged open merrily, oblivious to their plight.

Suddenly, there was a gun shot, followed by another, and then another. Ben instinctively turned around, but Finneas pushed him to the ground, where he lay beside Tamius, both of them confused. Quickly, the two dragons pulled their guns, ready to defend themselves and their captives, but no one emerged into the hallway and for several seconds, there was nothing but silence. There were definitely a series of gunshots, Ben thought, straining to hear anything above the quiet. But no one's been directly attacked...what's the intent? Looking frantically about, Ben finally noticed that all the cameras in the hall had been taken out, their lenses cracked and smoking. Both dragons, also noticing the lack of ample security, took a step back, blocking off their captives from any potential saviors, when a series of lights suddenly flickered and then turned off.

"What the fuck was that?" Finneas hissed, placing one foot on Ben's back, a good way to ensure that his captive stayed put, even while he directed his attention elsewhere. "There's no good reason to waste bullets on the cameras or turn down the lights, unless we're dealing with a mole."

"Could be one of the Security Units, trying to create an artificial blind spot," May whispered, glancing carefully around them, her gun poised toward the darkness of the hall. "But all units have been accounted for. If anyone was moving our way, we would have been alerted."

Without warning, two black clad figures burst out through the darkness, armed with glistening short swords and dancing across the carpet like acrobats. May rushed the first such enemy, but a throwing knife was withdrawn from his belt and launched straight into her heart. Finneas fared much better, dodging attacks and gliding over the ground. With one sophisticated move, he cut through one of his enemy's masks, revealing a single green eye and a raven tattoo. But in the end, he was out numbered and was soon subdued and shot. Ben and Tamius could only watch with a combination of fascination and abject horror as the two figures approached, dripping blood and sweat.

"Thank...thank you," Tamius finally whispered, trying to stand to her feet, but one of the black clad figures pushed her down. "Please," Tamius begged, confused and trying to sound nonthreatening. "Please, cut us loose, we have friends in trouble." The black clad figures didn't speak, but one of them dropped a dagger at Tamius' feet, before turning around and returning to the darkness, his partner in tow. "Please, who are you!?!" Tamius screamed into the darkness. "Who are you two!?!" 

But no one answered.

"What was that?" Ben gasped, watching as Tamius wriggled her way toward the dagger and clutched it as best she could. It was slow going at first, but eventually, she was able to cut herself free and began the process of cutting her partner loose. "They saved us, so they must be on our side, but then why didn't they want us to see their faces?"

"Hold still," Tamius told him, slipping the blade between his bound hands and sawing away. "Did you see the tattoo on the one guy's face?"

"The raven?"

"It's the symbol of the abolitionist movement in Isleydor," Tamius explained, finally pulling the rope away from Ben's wrists and allowing him to stand to his feet, though it was still a painful procedure. "In other words, our saviors are from Isleydor."

"What?" Ben asked, flabbergasted. "Isleydor is dealing with an insurgency?"

"Maybe, but we can't be sure," Tamius shrugged, stepping toward one of the downed dragons and rifling through her clothing for weapons. "We need to get a move on, though. It won't be long before someone realizes we're roaming free."

Tamius was right. Cursing the pain in his side, Ben knelt beside Finneas and looted his dead body for weaponry, finding two pistols and several rounds of ammo, but not much else. He himself had been stripped of his earpiece and any items deemed 'dangerous' immediately after being captured. It was a relief to have firepower once again, to hold cold metal in his hands and no longer feel helpless. When he heard footsteps in the darkness, Ben was more than ready to shoot something, but this time, he recognized the figure.

"Querren!" Ben cried, lowering his weapon and racing toward the man so as to embrace him. "Oh, thank god, we were worried about you!" 

"Same here, Karrington," Querren smiled, embracing Ben before turning toward Tamius and nodding. "You two seem safe now, at least."

"Why are you alone?" Tamius asked, narrowing her eyes suspiciously. "What happened to your unit?" 

"My unit's been obliterated," Querren sighed, running his hands through his hair in exasperation. "The dragons have been making their way up to the roof, picking off our Security Units as they go. With Arlington in control of the security system, virtually everyone's been cornered into a blind spot, making it easy to pick us off and almost impossible to coordinate an offensive." Glancing down at Finneas and May, Querren raised an eyebrow questioningly. "Can I have a gun? I've been stripped of everything, including my earpiece."
"Yeah, of course, some of these guys are even carrying explosives," Ben replied, tossing Querren a pistol, a short dagger, and a few rounds of ammo. Then, he noticed something shiny dangling from Finneas' belt, a black leather pouch. Untangling the pouch from his captor, Ben opened it up and inside, found what looked like a bunch of throwing stars, each with a tiny glass ruby at its center. "Querren, do you know what these are?"

"Ah, auto-timers," Querren grinned, kneeling beside Ben and greedily dumping out the contents. "Little throwing stars, each one embedded with an explosive, a favorite among the crimson dragons. Now these I can work with. They look innocent enough, but they pack quite a punch. Throw one, get it embedded in a wall, and on contact, it'll count down from ten before letting 'er rip. Mind if I...?"

"Oh, no, Querren, help yourself," Ben chuckled, seeing the fire lust in the man's eyes. "I wouldn't know what to do with them anyway."

"Come on, guys, we have to keep moving," Tamius hissed, suddenly a lot more tense, her pistol poised threateningly into the darkness. "I...I think something might be watching us..."

"That was probably me...since I lost my unit, I've been tailing you guys, looking for a chance to attack, but I guess someone else came to your rescue first..."

"No, it's something else, I can sense it," Tamius whispered, stepping down the hallway, her footsteps soft against the carpet. "I thought I heard something, a gentle click, like...like high heels, or something..."

"Just a minute, Tamius, I think I found something," Ben insisted, reaching into Finneas' pocket and removing a single worn piece of paper, which had been folded several times over. Flattening it on the ground, he saw a list of names situated into two columns, one marked "Dead Men" and the other marked "Live Men." It didn't take long for Ben to figure out what he'd stolen. "It's the dragons' hit list," Ben breathed, hardly able to believe his luck. "We're all here...Arlington wants myself, Tamius, and Kara alive, of course. Shit, Alyssa's on the death list. Without Greenwood, I suppose she's useless to him. And Querren..." Confused, Ben narrowed in on the man's name, which had the word 'reserved' next to it. "I'm not really sure what's up with Querren."

"What do you mean, you aren't sure?" Querren asked, suddenly sounding very worried. "Under which column am I listed?"

"Well, your name is on the death list, but there's an annotation."

"Annotation?"

"Yes, a little star and then the word 'reserved' written next to it in red ink."

"Let me see that," Querren snapped, wrenching the paper out of Ben's hands and turning it toward the light. He, too, looked a little perplexed at first, but then Querren's face twisted into something ghastly and he paled. "Oh, you have got to be kidding me."

"Querren, you're scaring me," Ben told him, his voice wary. "And considering the circumstances, that's saying a lot."

"Arlington has sold me to Azalia Richards," Querren whispered, his voice hoarse. "I'm on the death list alright, but technically, only Azalia is allowed to touch me."

"I don't understand."

"The dragons work on a ranking system, where each target is classified according to his overall importance and the dangers involved in killing him," Querren explained, sighing miserably into the dank air. "The most notable dragons have a lengthy resume of Class 'A' targets to their name, usually quite famous and often times major figures in recent or ongoing wars. If I had to guess, I'd say that I'm Azalia's price for her cooperation and the cooperation of her guild. It explains an awful lot." Looking up into the ceiling, Querren slowly connected the dots, his lips going tight. "I could have been killed along with my unit and even if I did get away on my own merit, it's been far too easy to traverse the hotel for my liking, considering the hijacked security system. But that all makes sense now. They've been saving me for her."

"Well, then it's a good thing you found us," Ben grinned, standing to his feet and offering Querren a reassuring hand. "She's outnumbered now, three to one."

"Don't underestimate this woman," Querren snapped and Ben jumped back, startled. He'd never seen the demolitions expert so nervous before. Usually, he was full of cheer, even in the most dire of circumstances. "Azalia's the most senior of the crimson dragons," Querren continued, standing to his feet and peering into the darkness, with Tamius still pointing her gun into its depths. "The woman has killed at least five hundred people or so, most of them high profile. To top it all off, she's certifiably insane. Tamius is right, we have to keep moving. We're being hunted, Karrington."

There was a noise in the dark, a gentle swishing sound reminiscent of a windmill, and all three companions froze, their ears straining to hear something beyond the ensuing silence. Then there was a gentle tap, tap, tap, like heels on a wood floor. In unison, Ben and Querren drew their pistols and aiming into the darkness, began to back away, slowly at first, then more earnestly.

"Let's go..." Querren whispered, nodding toward the left, where the hall split into a fork. "Take to the right and keep going."

Querren didn't wait for a response, but turned and bolted down the hallway, with Ben and Tamius close behind. Each took turns looking back and ensuring that the coast was clear, but the general didn't see anyone following them. Yet, that didn't prevent him from stopping and aiming at every little thing that seemed out of place, toward every noise—real or imagined—that whispered softly in his ears. When Querren finally stopped, they were in a dance hall, smaller than that used for the previous day's reception, but still fairly large.

"Barricade the doors!" Querren ordered and hurriedly, Ben made for one of the tables on the outskirts of the dance floor, heavy enough to block the entryways. But just as Ben was about to drag it across the room, a gentle swiveling assaulted his ears and looking up, the general saw roughly a dozen cameras narrow in on his face. Then a door slammed shut, followed by another, and then another, until all three of them were trapped inside the dance hall. "Back to back!" Querren screamed, pulling an auto-timer from his pocket and scanning the room. "Don't let your guard down, even for a second!"

Ben felt himself shudder as the lights dimmed, then out from the darkness he could hear a soft humming, which made his skin crawl. Slowly, it morphed into a song and with his back pressed against Tamius', Ben could feel her heart beating.

Three blind mice. Three blind mice. See how they run. See how they run. They all ran after the farmer's wife, Who cut off their tails with a carving knife, Did you ever see such a sight in your life, As three blind mice? 

Stepping into the light, Ben finally saw her, the giant who'd been passing herself off as Lord Arlington's body guard. Azalia Richards was still wearing her red sequin dress and her inappropriately high heels, making her a whopping eight feet tall. The woman looked like a devil, her copper locks tangled and spotted with blood, crimson splashes decorating her arms and legs. Then, clenched in Azalia's hands was a monstrous scythe, glistening in what little light still remained. With a devilish grin, she twirled it like a baton over her head and around her torso, then held it behind her back, looking the very picture of madness.

"Awww, I was hoping we'd have some time together, just the two of us," Azalia pouted, her wicked smile momentarily transforming into a mocking frown. "I prefer to form a personal, intimate relationship with my victims before I kill them, but you've gone ahead and brought chaperones. Don't worry though, " Azalia whispered, her voice a low thrum. "I'll take care of it."

Raising the scythe over her head, Azalia charged the three companions, flying across the floor like a demon out of hell, laughing hysterically the entire way, Ahahahahaha! Cursing, Querren threw two of his auto-timers in her direction, where they embedded themselves in the tables situated between the woman and her victims. But Azalia was quick, taking refuge behind various chairs and other paraphernalia moments before the explosives went off, filling the entire room with smoke. When the woman emerged from the flame, her copper locks flying, Ben knew that he'd entered hell. With Azalia heading straight for him, he fired several shots in her direction, but she managed to block all of them, sending sparks flying from her scythe. Ben hadn't even known that was possible.

"Move!" Querren screamed, pushing Ben out of the way, knowing full well who Azalia really wanted to dance with. 

Querren dodged several swings of her scythe, so aerodynamic that it hardly made a breeze, but she had better stamina and eventually, he was forced to withdraw a dagger from his belt and start blocking the blows. Sparks flew each time Querren's dagger met Azalia's scythe and all the while, he was desperately trying to break away and get a breather. It was while he dared reached for his gun that Azalia finally got him, slicing into his arm once and then cutting him across the face. When she had finished, Azalia flipped backwards and away from him, a smile on her lips.

"You know, in ancient times, they used to execute criminals by slicing them, just shallow cuts though, so that you bled out slowly," Azalia told Querren, who stood panting in a corner, trying to plan his next move. "They called it The Death of a Thousand Knives."

"And your point?"

"Two down," Azalia laughed, turning the scythe in her hands over and over, letting the sound ripple through the air like a swarm of locusts. "Nine-hundred and ninety-eight to go."

Azalia rushed toward Querren and Ben prepared to step in, but Tamius beat him to it. Using her own acrobatic skills, she slid in between the two combatants, her gun raised in the air and ready to shoot, but Azalia knocked the weapon out of her hand and began swinging her blade ferociously. Tamius was a sight to behold, flipping over backwards and somersaulting over tables, but when she tripped on a misplaced chair and hit the ground, there was nowhere to go. Tamius could only lie there, grimacing, as Azalia pressed the blade of her scythe into her neck.

"You can't kill me," Tamius panted, hardly able to breath for all their fighting. "Arlington wants me alive." But to everyone's shock, including Tamius', Azalia only scoffed.

"This may be news to you, but I only heed Lord Arlington's orders when they suit me," Azalia told her, a musical quality to her voice and a greedy, almost hungry look in her blood thirsty eyes. "I'm not just a Crimson Dragon, I am the Crimson Dragon. I am death incarnate, the goddess of destruction, the lady reaper, the queen of the damned." Horrified, Ben and Querren glanced at each, then raced toward the two women, but they didn't make it in time. With one last twirl of her scythe, Azalia brought her blade down across Tamius' throat and blood splattered in all directions, pooling underneath her. "Goodbye, you poor creature."

"Nooooo!" Querren screamed, more monster than man, and with a flick of his wrist, he sent nearly a dozen auto-timers in Azalia's direction. The she-devil managed to dance her way out of the blaze, but her dress caught fire in the process, leaving a nasty third degree burn on her right leg. With murder in her eyes, she glanced at Querren, then picked up her scythe. "Karrington, get out of here!" 

"Absolutely not, we're in this together!" Ben screamed, hardly able to believe what had just happened, feeling so sick he thought he might vomit, but he needed to press on, he needed to keep going. "Querren, if I left you behind, I'd never forgive myself!"

"And if you don't bring my niece back safely, I'll never forgive you."

"Querren, that's not fair and you know it!"

"None of this is fair, Karrington. We must do what we must."

Ben hesitated, but with a dangerous look from Querren, he consented. The old man was right and he knew it. They each had a different part to play in this battle and his job was to bring Kara back, to protect her, as he'd promised. Who knew, by then, Kara might have already been captured by Lord Arlington. The very thought made Ben's emotions erupt with righteous fury and turning around, he saw that one of the exits had been blown to bits by Querren. Quickly, he made his way for the door, trying to ignore Azalia's cackling and Querren's explosions as he raced onward and out into another hallway. It was by luck that he stumbled upon one of Nardia's own security personnel and there, clenched in the corpse's hand, found an earpiece.

"Thank god," Ben breathed, picking it up and praying that Kara would hear him, that she was still safe somehow, that his body guards had been able to protect her. "Come in, Kara," Ben called, switching the earpiece on, his heart beating madly. "For god's sake, answer me, please...please, be okay."

***<>***

Kara stood there in the middle of the hallway, not quite sure what to do. She couldn't feel anything—not anger, not sadness, not fear. Kara felt completely numb, as if she'd been frozen in time, a mere artifact standing still. Already she'd tried to open every door on the floor, even her own bedroom door, but none of them would budge and her access card no longer worked. She had come to the conclusion long ago that there was nothing left to do, except sit and wait for Lord Arlington to come and claim her.

It was the swiveling of the cameras that snapped Kara out of it. Ever since she'd escaped the maintenance men, they'd been following her and it was starting to get on her nerves. Every time she stepped forward—every time she even changed position—she could hear them swiveling on their mounts, the sound mirroring her footsteps. No matter where she went, Kara could always feel their presence at her back. Still in a trance, she headed down the hall—probably for the tenth time—and could suddenly hear them above her, still tracking her movements. Clenching her fists angrily by her sides, Kara looked up and found herself once again surrounded, but for the first time yet, she noticed her reflection in their dark lenses. Turning in place, she could see them—a dozen tiny Kara's—staring back at her, their eyes cold and empty. 

When did I lose it? Kara wondered, looking up into her own reflection and shuddering. When did I lose the fire that made me who I am...the fire that first prompted me to stand up to Arlington, to free his most prized slave, to break out of Bremmington?

"What's happened to me?" Kara asked aloud and as if curious, the cameras leaned in closer. "Where have I gone?"

Kara felt helpless and she didn't like it. She didn't want to feel trapped up here, with nothing to do except sit and wait to be kidnapped. Kara hadn't always felt this way. There was a time when she'd sworn to defeat Lord Arlington, whispering under her breath, "game on." Just last night, she'd felt powerful for the first time in a long time, telling Arlington off for his psychotic ways, pealing back the mask he'd so carefully crafted. Kara wanted that back, she wanted to own her emotions again.

But it was hard to take the offensive when you'd been running for so long.

Oh my god, Kara thought, the realization finally hitting her.  I've done nothing but run from Lord Arlington since I escaped Bremmington. Instead of facing my fears and defeating them, I've been trying to hold them at bay. But not anymore. Narrowing her eyes angrily at the cameras surrounding her, Kara felt her resolve strengthen and her numbness melt away to reveal a mixture of determination and righteous anger. If there was ever a time to confront Lord Arlington, it was now, in the midst of battle, when she could actually make a difference. Kara had a plan, too, and it was a damn good one. It's time to stop running, Kara told herself.  It's time to take the offensive.

As Kara turned back toward the elevators, she could here those stupid fucking cameras following her and that was the last straw. Growling furiously, Kara aimed at the nearest one and fired, sending glass everywhere and leaving a satisfying ringing in her ears. It felt good to shoot something, to feel cold metal in her hands and smell gunpowder in the air.

"You're going to regret messing with me," Kara told the cameras, feeling less and less helpless, feeling whole again. "I'm going to make you regret this, all of it."

Rushing toward the downed maintenance men, Kara rifled through their clothes for weapons. They had been well armed, but she already had a pistol and decided to stock up on ammo, gathering it into a leather bag. For good measure, she stole a gas mask, then grabbed one of the men's daggers. Kara wouldn't be able to get far in an ankle length dress and carefully cut the cloth away, until the skirt came only to her thighs. Now, it was time to find away out. She had wasted far too much time already, trying the same doors over and over again. Arlington would arrive soon and Kara intended to be gone when he did. She needed to get downstairs somehow and join up with Alyssa, before it was too late.

Kara didn't want to admit it, but there was only one exit, the window she'd managed to force open. Grimacing, she stuck her head outside and looked down, the very sight making her dizzy. Twenty-four stories up, the fog obscured much of the ground below, but Kara could make out the occasional carriage and a few police cars, which looked like tiny beetles in a toy city. She was just about to duck back inside when a gust of wind pushed her, forcing her back into the hallway anyway. At this altitude, wind speeds were insanely high. On her way down, Kara was going to have to try and hug the building as best she could or risk been thrown to her death.

"How the fuck am I going to make it down?" Kara groaned, taking note of the curtains above each window and cursing her new found determination. "Looks like I'm going to have to climb down..." Gathering together as many curtains as she could find, Kara clicked her earpiece back on and radioed down to Alyssa, knowing full well that the weapons specialist wouldn't be pleased, but she'd just have to suck it up. "Hello, Alyssa? I need to know what floor you're on."

"Kara...? I thought I told you that I don't have time for this."

"Just shut up and listen," Kara hissed, now cutting the curtains into long strips of cloth and tying them together, end by end. With any luck, she'd be able to form a rope long enough to reach one of the floors below. "You need to find this hacker, right?"

"Yeah, but—"

"And you're having trouble navigating through the hotel without being attacked by your own security system?"

"Yes..?"

"What if you had a human shield to escort you, someone whom Arlington wants alive at all costs?"

It didn't take long for the weapons specialist to catch on. Kara could almost hear the dots connecting in her mind, then the little light bulb above her head click on. 

"I'm on the thirteenth floor," Alyssa finally breathed, no longer any objections in her tone, no longer irritated. "How are you going to get down here?"

"I'll have to climb down," Kara sighed, leaning once more out the window and feeling the wind blow back her hair, cold enough top numb her cheeks. "It'll be several stories, I'm sure. You're on the..?"

"Thirteenth floor."

"Great," Kara grimaced, now finished and devising a makeshift harness, which she then stepped into, one leg at a time. "Looks like I only have to make it down, what, eleven stories without falling tragically to my death?"

"You don't have to do this, Kara."

"Yes, I do." 

"No, you don't."

"If you can find this hacker, you can win back the security system and maybe get some of our people back, correct?"

"There's no need to sacrifice yourself for Nardia, Kara. You don't owe them anything."

"This isn't for them," Kara whispered and as soon as she uttered the words, she knew it was true. "This is for me, because I don't want to keep running anymore."

Grabbing a hammer and some nails from her captors' tool box, Kara carefully secured her make-shift rope to the wall and eased herself out onto the windowsill, where the wind whistled loudly in her ears, making her skin grow cold and then numb. Almost immediately, it caught her dress and tried to push her over the edge, but at the last second, Kara managed to grab hold of the wall. The ground looked a lot farther down now and she swallowed hard, trying not to imagine what she'd look like as a splatter on the sidewalk. 

"Here goes nothing," Kara told herself, easing out onto the ledge. "Nowhere to go but down."

And with that, Kara closed her eyes and jumped.

Kara could feel her stomach fly up into her chest as she fell, tumbling into the sky, the only sound the wind in her ears. Then, just as Kara was wondering if she'd secured the rope well enough, it went taught. She bounced a few times mid-air, as if on a bungee cord, before being slammed into the brick of the building. The force of impact knocked the wind clean out of Kara and she gasped desperately for air, clutching the pain in her side.

"Oh, fuck," Kara moaned, unable to see anything but thick, white mist below her. "I don't even know how far down I've gone." But Kara didn't have very long to wonder at the possibilities. The curtains she'd used as a rope weren't designed to handle her weight and looking up, Kara could see that it'd started to rip. "Oh, fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," Kara cursed, furiously looking about her for a way out. The nearest window ledge was a good five feet to her left, way out of her reach, but it was Kara's only hope.

Pushing off the building with all her might, Kara swung her body towards the window ledge, falling just a few feet short, but each time she pushed off the building, she got a little closer. Then she heard it, a gentle ripping noise. The tear in her little bungee cord was getting bigger and bigger and now only a few threads remained. As her lifeline snapped in two, Kara could feel her heart sink into her chest and in a last ditch effort, reached for the ledge. She was sure she was going to die—there was no way she'd survive this—but then her hand came into contact with something solid and she clung to it for dear life. When Kara opened her eyes, she was dangling in mid-air and every few seconds or so, the wind was trying to dislodge her from safety. That's when she heard a new sound, the sound of helicopters approaching. Cursing, Kara pushed herself up and over the ledge, using her pistol to break through the window and finally tumbling inside the hotel.

"I'm in," Kara gasped, switching on her earpiece and allowing herself to collapse onto solid ground. It was a relief to feel the carpet underneath her, to hear the wind outside. As it was, Kara's heart was just about ready to explode out of her chest. "Alyssa, I'm in, for the love of god, pick up."

"Alyssa here, which floor are you on?"

"How the hell am I supposed to know that?"

"Any portraits hanging nearby?"

"What?"

"Each floor is dedicated to a different council member, so if there's a portrait hanging nearby, I can tell you which floor you're on."

"Okay," Kara replied, looking up and finding one such portrait not a few feet away. Carefully, she stood to her feet, clutching the wall for support. Kara's legs were still a bit shaky, but she managed to make her way to the portrait, depicting a rather fat man in elegant, green robes. "Okay, it looks like I've got a Council Man Tellius," Kara told Alyssa, squinting at the plaque beneath his image. "So..?"

"By a lucky coincidence, kid, you're on the thirteenth floor. We're in a blind spot straight down the hallway and around the corner. You can't miss us."

Kara could feel the hairs on the back of her neck stand up as the swiveling returned, the cameras in the hall all narrowing in on her, but then came an unfamiliar sound. Turning toward Alyssa's blind spot, Kara watched as a panel opened up in one of the walls and a massive, automated gun peeked out, aiming carefully at her. Slowly, she stepped backwards, but she had a feeling that wouldn't help. 

"Alyssa," Kara whispered, not sure whether it was in her best interest to stay perfectly still or make a run for it. "Alyssa, I've never seen a weapon this big before."

"It's a bluff," Alyssa hissed into Kara's ear, sounding earnest. "Whoever is behind all these cameras is just trying to scare you into staying put."

"I'm not so sure about that," Kara swallowed, listening as the massive gun loaded itself, its tiny scope locked onto her. "Alyssa, what do I do?"

"Kara, you're sure Arlington still wants you alive, right?"

Kara paused, a sliver of doubt passing through her mind, before she remembered her last exchange with Lord Arlington. You'll never get your hands on me again, Kara had told him and in reply he'd whispered,  Awww, pet, you don't really believe that, do you? Kara knew in her heart that, no matter the cost, Arlington would never let her go, which gave her an unfair advantage in this little game of cat and mouse, one she intended to utilize.

"Yes," Kara breathed. "I'm sure."

Staring the weapon down, Kara took a step forward and then another, striding down the hall with new found confidence, when the weapon fired. Kara couldn't believe it. She was too shocked to even cower on the floor. Bullets rained down all around her, filling the air with smoke, and Kara could only stand there, waiting to be hit and killed. Then came silence and Alyssa was screaming in her ear.

"Kara?!? Kara?!? Are you alright?"

"I don't know," Kara breathed, patting herself down and to her amazement, finding nothing. "I...I'm not hit."

"See what I mean?" Alyssa laughed, after a prolonged silence, and Kara could hear the smile in her voice. "It's a fucking bluff."

Catching her breath, Kara eventually found her self sighing with relief, then laughing out loud. With a skip in her step, she walked the rest of the way to Alyssa's blind spot, flipping off the cameras following her as she went. When she finally turned the corner, Kara saw roughly five black clad security personnel, who all whistled and clapped with glee, and Alyssa, as unfriendly as ever. Before Alyssa could speak, she rushed to embrace the woman, heart beating madly. The weapons specialist was too shocked to hug back, but Kara was lovey-dovey enough for the both of them, squeezing Alyssa so tightly she couldn't breath.

"I was so worried about you guys," Kara whispered into her shoulder, trying to hold back tears. "I still don't know what's happened to everyone else. You're my only lifeline, Alyssa."

"Yeah, yeah, kid, good to see you," Alyssa coughed, patting Kara awkwardly on the back. "I was worried about you, too."

"Commander, we need to get a move on," Eugene suddenly blurted, interrupting their reunion and giving Alyssa the excuse she needed to disengage herself from Kara. "The dragons are on the move and we're their next stop."

"Dragons?" Kara asked, confused. "I thought we were dealing with Arlington's people?"

"Oh, shit, you don't know, do you?"

"Don't know what?"

"That tattoo on Arlington's back," Alyssa replied, her voice sympathetic. "Come on, I know you've seen him naked."

"I thought...I thought it was decorative."

"Decorative?" Alyssa snorted, before catching herself and sharing a pained glance with Eugene. "Kara, it's the symbol of Isleydor's most ambitious assassins guild, the Crimson Dragons."

At first, Kara couldn't believe her ears. It was absurd that on top of everything else—his role in the war against Callihistra, his involvement in the slave trade, his powerful reign—Arlington was also an assassin. Somehow, that didn't seem fair and it made the man far, far more intimidating.

"How do you think Arlington rose to power?" Alyssa asked, determined to fill the awkward silence. "Isleydor's a militant nation and you can't get a position in government without some history of violence."

"It doesn't matter," Kara replied, shaking herself and refusing to let her resolve crumble. Assassin or not, Arlington was about to learn a valuable lesson in respect. "We have to keep moving and find that hacker, before they finds us. Load me up with explosives, it's kind of my forte."

"You're sure about this, Kara?"

"Oh, I'm sure about this," Kara grinned, staring back into the hallway. "After all, don't dragons like fire?"

***<>***

"My lord, we have a problem."

Lord Arlington turned around and narrowed his eyes in on Tyrion, one of the senior members of the Emerald Dragons. The man was impossibly strong, even if he didn't look it, wrapped tightly in a bullet proof body suit and equipped with roughly a dozen hidden weapons. Standing at attention, Tryion handed Lord Arlington his tablet, which depicted some of the security footage from that afternoon. Slowly, Arlington flipped through the stills, confused. 

"Do you want to tell me what I'm seeing, Tyrion?" Lord Arlington asked, glancing at one particularly obscure photo, but upon closer inspection, he could make out a few indistinct figures. "The lights are turned out, so it looks as if we've lost control of this particular hall."

"Indeed," Tyrion replied, his voice tight. By the way he was fidgeting, Lord Arlington could tell that he wasn't going to like the man's news. "Two of our friends from the Midnight Guild—Finneas and May, a couple of sophomores—were ambushed a half hour ago. And, well, we've lost Karrington and Tamius."

"You left my prized trophies with a couple of sophomores," Lord Arlington growled, all humor lost from his demeanor. "With sophomores of the Midnight Guild, no less?"

"It was just a simple transport job, my lord."

"Apparently not or they'd have made it to the roof by now."

Tyrion fell silent at that, looking up into his lord's eyes and hoping that his anger would subside. Arlington knew full well the effect he had on his men. He was, after all, a legend among the dragons. Following a brief absence for remediation, he'd returned more cunning and deadly than ever before, a full fledged assassin whose victims didn't even know they were being targeted until it was too late. As a mere emerald, Tyrion was subject to the will of any crimson superior in rank, including Lord Arlington. The man could do whatever he pleased with Tyrion, as long as he paid the dragons later for the damage.

"No matter," Arlington finally hissed and Tyrion sunk back into the wall, relieved. "We're already running a little behind schedule. Besides, once we pick up Kara, I'll have all the bait I need to get Karrington back."

"Ah, yes, about that, my lord..."

"Don't tell me you have even more disappointing news?"

"Kara Chrystein was just reported, uh, jumping... from the twenty-fourth floor."

"She what?" Arlington cursed, rounding on his man like a demon out of hell. Tyrion could only step back, terrified, as his lord stepped ever closer, until he'd been pinned against the wall. "You'd better make me happy, Tyrion, and quickly."

"The girl's alive, my lord!" Tyrion blurted, trying his best not to look too pathetic in front of his fellow guild members. "Last we heard, Ms. Chrystein climbed down to the thirteenth floor!"

"I gave very specific orders to lock down the twenty-fourth floor," Lord Arlington cursed, laying a hand on Tyrion's throat and refusing to let him go, even as he whined in pain. "If Kara gets caught in the crossfire, I will have you demoted, Tyrion." With that, Arlington released his captive, where he huddled on the ground, clutching his throat. "Any injuries to report?"

"No, my lord, but that's the thing," Tyrion replied, standing to his feet and picking his tablet back up from the floor. "Your orders to leave her alone...well, they just aren't feasible, my lord."

"Are you suggesting what I think you are?" Arlington whispered, his voice layered with threat. "Because if so, you'll want to think twice before you speak."

"We wouldn't have to kill her," Tyrion pointed out, pulling up another image on his tablet and gesturing toward it. "But it looks like she intends to act as a human shield, freeing Unit Seven from their blind spot." Cursing, Lord Arlington snatched the tablet from Tyrion again and began to search through the images, first of Kara flipping him off, then stepping up onto a windowsill. Wincing, Arlington bemoaned his stupidity. He should have known better than to try and trap Kara on the twenty-fourth floor. His pet was far too clever for that kind of trickery and a small grin wormed its way onto his face. "My lord," Tyrion continued. "If we could only incapacitate her—blow out a knee cap or something—it would make this mission a whole lot easier."

"Absolutely not," Lord Arlington growled, the mere thought of Kara, lying in pain on the ground, enough to set his teeth on edge. "If anyone dares to lay a finger on my girl, the consequences will be severe."

"But, my lord, you don't want to appear weak—"

"I'll take care of it," Arlington whispered and Tyrion fell silent, full well knowing that to argue at this point would be in vain. "We still have one more stop on our trip, Tyrion. Alyssa's not an easy woman to deal with, but remember, it's not just about winning." With that, Arlington turned toward his recruits, coordinated and sleek, their bodies standing at attention, some of them decorated in a wide array of tattoos. "It's also about having fun."

Snapping his fingers, Lord Arlington motioned for his men to follow him and proceeded toward the elevator, his excitement getting the better of him. It had been torture to watch Kara from afar, knowing that at the end of the night, she'd be falling asleep in Ben Karrington's arms. He wanted to feel her soft body pressed against his once more, to smell the autumn wind in her hair, to sink his nails into her flesh and listen to her scream in delicious, lustful agony, as she had in her dreams. Seeing her free had changed his perspective on the situation, making him want Kara all the more. Her feistyness during their last meeting and her fierce determination at the dance had all confirmed in his mind that he needed her, needed that fire in his life and in his bed. It was only a matter of time now, Arlington mused, listening as his men marched behind him.

"I'm coming for you, pet," Arlington whispered under his breath. "And this time, there will be nowhere to run."